The Horrible Fanfare/Landslide/Exoskeleton Lyrics
Ashes of ancients
The nations repainted
The chain gang chatelaine
Changing the station
The theme song playing
The anthem of normal
The horrible fanfare
The horns get distorted
On a public announcement
The towns are impounded
Where the order resounded
Cowards towered around it
Power-line buzzards
Surveilling the night
Talons in flight
The fake horizons ignite
Banality lives
Where hysteria kills
Civilian jungles
With malaria pills
Animals bleed
To buy a star from the night
Avenue kids
Wear a scar like a stripe
Send up a signal
To the heavenly rescue
When the poison's coming
From the person you're next to
Let the voltage of thought
Pull the plug from the wound
Cause if the soul is a symptom
The condition is you
???
???
???

We know it's a letter bomb hand-me-down
This thought is a perjury blindfold
When she crawls from the Himalayan rain
With the birds of prey and weapons on fire
She's riding a landslide down to me
Cutting the shackles off of me
Shaking the dead birds from the trees
She's taking the only air I breathe
Iron lungs and a plate glass sermon
Don't call it death on the installment plan
She's pulling the armor on my back
Raking the coals over the tracks
Taking the knife out from the stack
She's bringing the blood that I have back
She's coming to see it's all a sin
Coming to see the sun again
Coming to wash it off again
Coming to see herself again
Coming to see herself again
Coming to wash it off again
I picture like a...like an illuminated manuscript, you know? Made by monks. They hand-do them... in record form. And you'd have to have them hand-done each time
Like, depending, like change depending on what mood you're in. Like the best...or depending on like when you assume from a different age, they'll mean something different
I don't like it when they change. It frightens me
You want them to stay the same more?
It makes me feel like someone's pushing me from below. Or trying to put me, turn me over, and put me down. That's what it makes me feel like when they change
It has to tell you how to live. It is an instruction guide. It's subtle, It's--it doesn't push, it nudges...i-it entices...it seduces. It has to encompass the whole world, everything that has been, is, and will be, and could take it into space. And that's why we build a spaceship. Because that's ultimately what space travel is all about, is sending a shuttle from Earth into space. And not just in some, like, space shuttle. It's got a little phone coming off of it, you need your own...glowing...you know, multicolor...spaceship. It would be inside the spaceship, and also the spaceship. Like an exoskeletonEmbed