One of Them Lyrics
Yo, Your image deceives what your people perceive
Some people believe what the media feeds
TV MCs that try to bark hollow...pretend to be harsh fellows
But be yellow and softer than marshmallows

Oh you one of them niggas!

Homo I'mma hurt ya feelings
Name brand talkers...pretty ass earrings
Where are all your women I ain't seen you with one
The only bitch that ever loved you gotta call you her son
Yeah, you that nigga...choch ass nigga
No heart...won't even approach us nigga
So you be humble man...stay in your place
We them niggas that rumble and get in your face

Oh you one of them niggas!

Concerned with lookin' cute...nails done, eyes plucked
Homie, what the fuck?...I mean really whassup
Help a brother understand
How self-admiration takes the soul of a man
Damn, vain ass, plain ass, nothing ass niggas
Get your punk ass out the goddamn mirror
You one of them niggas!

Real niggas do real things and that's a fact

Oh you one of them niggas!

Are you in with the heart or are you in it for the funds

Oh you one of them niggas!

Uh Mr. Know-It-All, flossy floss, all talk
Head Mr. A&R ...we ain't hard, who the fuck said we was?
You never heard us holla...Crip or Blood or I'm a thug

You one of them niggas!

You wanna rhyme like that?
You won't get signed like that
Ya'll need the R&B track
Or call some sister sluts
Tell them...back that thang up
Cause only real niggas spit game that much
You one of them niggas!

Right off the bat...what you spoke is contrived
Its like you're cloaked in a Pinocchio vibe
And when you lie...you play with the dream
You make it decay at the seams
You can fix it...if you say what you mean

You one of them niggas!

Pick and choose who you beef with
Leap froggy, Show me how real you keep it
And know that you pussy all underneath it
Now it's time for the 5 to expose your secret

You one of them niggas!

Shake up...foo's be faker than make up...HA!

Oh you one of them niggas!
Are you in with the heart or are you in it for the funds

You one of them niggas!

Knock this pretty boy cats on they ass...each time we drop...kid

Oh you one of them niggas!

No time for idle chattin'...won't say what's happening
'Til we go platinum...house in the Hamptons
Bank account large...give sha-tan my cold regards
There's a killer at large...and he murders esteem
Cause he strips black teens of all their dreams

You one of them niggas!

Yeah what you trying to prove
Keep it gangsta where I'm from...mean the G's move
Now everybody wanna pop that shit
Walk like a Crip...what part of the game is this?
Don't get caught up the twist in some gang bang shit
But then you probably would...fascinated with the hood

You one of them niggas!

Man, tss, enough is enough...I know that you're ghetto
A thug and you're tough...your posse is deep
And when you speak it's fuck the police
Am I to believe...is that the way you really would be
If only we see...when there was no cameras allowed
And your bodyguard didn't have to hold your hand through the crowd

You one of them niggas!
1Embed