Get-U-Now Lyrics
{*BEEP!*} The fuck was that man?
That shit blew my head man...
We're coming to get you, nigga

I got a brand new .380 in the box, made like Glocks
A shoebox of bullets, two clips, no safety lock
Won't get knocked 'cause I avoid the rage
Catchin' mad bodies like the AIDS
I used to carry blades
Now I'm fully loaded, save the bold shit
Tempt me, I'mma empty the whole shit, that's that cold shit
And that's what I'm into, and plus it's winter
And beef ain't squished until the bullet enter
Dead center or dead broke, when I got the flame out
I'm stickin' up a drunk at the liquor store, he came out
'Cause my rent's due, fuck with my money I'mma dead you
And you can tell the accents X sent you
And he meant to cut your throat
And maim your last breath, wait
I got a bullet for your ass wit'cha name and your death date
Nigga!

There it is - that's what got him
I don't know man...
I got my Get-U-Now (we gonna Get-U-Now)
I got my Get-U-Now (we gonna Get-U-Now)
I got my Get-U-Now (we gonna Get-U-Now)
I got my Get-U-Now (we gonna Get-U-Now)

{*BEEP!*} The fuck was that man?
That shit blew my head man...

I had to get a shotty, the barrel's a double one
'Cause my sidewalk got more shells than bubblegum
Stuck on it, I'm settin' it, bring it if you want it
And I still got my .22, won't never point it, though
I go hip-hop, it pays by the sheets
So, fuck my mother-in-law, I'm finna run the streets
Be the syntax error, delete
I live to spin wax, repeat but on beat

I got my Get-U-Now (we gonna Get-U-Now)
I got my Get-U-Now (we gonna Get-U-Now)
I got my Get-U-Now (we gonna Get-U-Now)
I got my Get-U-Now (we gonna Get-U-Now)
Yo, fuck 
All right, do it motherfucker, put it in your vest
That's what got him
I don't know

I got it: My tool, my utensil
To draw lead in that ass like a pencil with a stencil
And let me see them kids who had beef in the summer
And they mugs, all look like Helen Keller but dumber
Ain't that a bummer? I'll take you out your misery
I be the mad bluff caller like, caller ID motherfucker!
I'm rakin' in the dough by the heap
(Get the cash) C-Cypher-Punks can't 'pete
(Buck his ass) The last that you heard of your Jeep as you sleep
I buy it off my boys for dirt cheap

We gonna Get-U-Now, uh
We gonna Get-U-Now, yeah
We gonna Get-U-Now, huh
We gonna Get-U-Now

Nigga! Fucka, uhh, watch you drop!
You know what the fuck we talkin' about, word is bond
And we ghost, C.M.!2Embed