Mastermind Lyrics
Woah
Hey, let me— man, ask my man over here
Hey, man, let me ask you a question, man, see if you know what's up
Peep this

Who fuses the music with no illusions
Producing the blueprints clueless?
Automator, defy the laws of nature
Electronic monolith, throw a jam upon the disc
The futuristic loop it with the quickness
Hyper-producin' hydrogen fusion liquids, keep your distance

Who's that? The mastermind
D-E-L, he— D-E-L, he— D-E-L, he— D-E-L, he—
D-E-L, he— D-E-L, he— D-E-L, he— D-E-L, he—
D-E-L, he— D— D— D— D— D— D— D— D— E—
D-E-L, he— D— D-E-L, he— D-E-L, he— D— D-E-L, he—
D— E— E— L, he—
D— E— E— L, he— D-E-L, he—

First we coerce your brain patterns
Collaborate with time-consumin' re-programmin'
I apply the flow cannon, the combo's so slamming
Atomically reconstruct the whole canvas
His logic impress a hypnotic effect
Yeah, a latent patent, you could call it a gift
Man, he all in the mix, nuclear physicist
Genetically tailored every bit of this stimulus
The day the walls of the cities will crumble away
Uncovering our naked souls
All start singing
Shouting, screaming
Loud, loud, loud, loud (The mastermind)

Psionically, bionically forget how you feel
Especially formulated, the rest of you fornicated
It takes more to make this, he juggles variables
Unparalleled propulsion to carry the load
Neurosurgeon, the purest virgin conducting currents
Musical Merlin, he shines like sterling
Watch Automator draw a laser of a higher intensity
And instantly miss a beat, create a symphony

Who's that? The mastermind
Who's that? It's time for me to dead that issue
Who's that? The mastermind
Who's that? It's time for me to dead that issue

Hey, I know now, I know now (Repeat)
Automator's on the planet Earth
And he's gonna stop the war of the worlds (Now, how would he do that?)
Peep, Deltron Zero is here as well to clique together for real (That's pretty good, man)
Yeah, he told y'all evil-doers he is truly gifted in the matters of rhythm (Yeah, I'll give him that)
Yeah, you got to give him dap
With his infinite wisdom, you know you got to get with him
How's that, how's that, how'd I do? Was it cool?
Good job (Really? Really?)
All is well with the cosmos (Yes! Yes, I got the p— I'm gettin' thirty-three, yeah!)17Embed