Manchild LyricsOK, you're on your own, it's late
Your girlfriend is on another date
With the hero in your dream
Turn around, ask yourself
So you think you're gonna win this time, manchild?
Is it the pain of the drinking or the Sunday sinking feeling?
The car never seems to work
When it's late your girlfriend's on a date
And the hero with her in your dream in your sleep seemed like you
Turn around, ask yourself
Turn around, ask yourself
Manchild, will you ever win?
Manchild, look at the state you're in
Could you go undercover and sell your brand new lover?
(Could you) be someone else for a night?
Maybe someone else will love you
You'd sell your soul for a tacky song like the ones you hear on the radio
Turn around, ask yourself
Turn around and ask yourself
Manchild, will you ever win?
Manchild, look at the state you're in
Manchild, he will make you cry
Manchild, manchild, manchild
From Monday down to Friday
You're working on another man's car
Or is it in the factory?
It doesn't matter where you are
Just turn around and ask yourself, is this communication?
Accentuate the positive to give some illustration
See, manchild, you're no one, I'll turn the microphone on
Control communication when I'm kicking it and so on
To the point where I need the air that I breathe
Into an audience that's waiting and ecstatic to receive
For the meantime another mean rhyme, I keep on saying it
I know what the time is and the crowd will keep on playing it
Through the speaker boxes. Loud's my diagnosis
'Cause I believe in miracles and words in steady doses
Enough R-E-S-P-E and C-T
Respect yourself, express, no stress, the mike is easy
Just believe that all you need is the air that you breathe
(Turn around and ask yourself)
Manchild, will you ever win?
Manchild, look at the state you're in
Manchild, he will make you cry
Manchild, manchild, manchild
He's the apple of your eye
Once bitten, twice shy, why don't you bite me again
Just take it in right and go tell your friend
Are you ready for the words? I'll turn the microphone on
A figure of speech to reach you at the back and so on
The style I'm stimulating dance floors
Raise your body temperature now and this demands for
Power in the amp, you know loud's my diagnosis
'Cause I believe in miracles, words in heavy dosesEmbed