Familiar Lyrics
Cardboard cutout, sharp teeth, smart mouth
Smile big, small waist, big hips, cut paste
Forgive me, but you look familiar
Prom queen, mean chick, teen mom, bad bitch
Real bad advice, can't fool me twice
Forgive me but you look familiar
You a regular

She the latest model but these hoes retros
One in a million, but these bitches special?
It's two shoes in a pair, two peas in a pod
Three Ps in appropriate, groupies in a mob
Usually, I like them to look just like you
But you just so usual, you just look used
I just need something out of the norm
Foreign just don't seem foreign no more
Just give me the porn, it's like four in the morn'
Trying to raise the bar with porn in the torrent
Got a lot of wifeys, more than a Mormon
See you in cities I ain’t even in performin'
But we met in a life where we were both cats
Our owners were neighbors, how funny is that
What's funnier is yours had eight different cats
Same shade of black and I'm blind as a bat
Cardboard cutout, sharp teeth, smart mouth
Smile big, small waist, big hips, cut paste
Forgive me but you look familiar (Woo)
You a regular
These bitches regular, and they smoke regular
If these bitches bad, then bad bitches regular (What?)
County-bound ass bitches acting like the federals (Cut it out)
If this bitch from Paris, then, Paris is terrible
Ooh, I don't want to go there no more (No)
Even though I've been there before
And even there, they was regular (They said...)
Ayy, Ye, where Kim at?
Kris Jenner, that's a kidnap
Stacey Dash, where you been at?
'Cause these bitches clueless (Woo)
If your mama say you're special, then your mama ain't the truest
With her lying ass (Nigga)
With her fine ass
With that giant ass...
She regular too, heh?

Cardboard cutout, sharp teeth, smart mouth
Smile big, small waist, big hips, cut paste
Prom queen, mean chick (Yuh), teen mom, bad bitch (Yuh)
Real bad advice (Ooh), can't fool me twice (Woo)
Forgive me but you look familiar (Ooh!)
Migo! Quavo!
Long hair, don't care (No)
Girl, you look familiar (Woo)
And her mama doesn't like me (Mama)
'Cause I'm a rapper so icy (Icy)
Where she come from? Damn, I don't know (No)
But I think I seen her in Chance and Migos' video (Video)
Her body look like a Coke bottle (Bottle)
But I'ma let her do the swallow (Ahh)
Heard she chasing after my dollar (Woo)
Hit the bucket from the back, make her holler (Smash)
If she get your number, know that she gon' call you (Brrr)
She don't fuck with nothing but ballers (Ball)
I gotta stop her (Stop)
Call me Quavo Captain 'Merica (Oh)
I'm not saving her, no, I'm not cuffing her (No!)
Nah! (Gone!)

Forgive me but you look familiar
Forgive me but you look familiar66Embed