Depend On Myself Lyrics
(Hey hey pump it)
Hey baby what's up?
I'll take care of you baby
You need a man like me
I got a big house on the hill
I'll take care of you
Give you the credit, you can get a BMW
With the credit cards you can get your own BMW baby
So come home with me I'll give you the money
I'll take you to the mall, I'll take care of you baby
Just be with me, be with me! (Owww)

Guys they always wonder about me (Yeah, I hear ya T)
Cause everything I have is my own (I'm feelin' dis)
There's no other way you can doubt me (And I'm listenin')
Before I trust you I'll just be here alone
Can I tell ya, can I tell ya, can I tell ya

Gosh golly dern so you still haven't learned
Well I'll be a damn fool see
Cause it's headaches you've honestly earned me
You're jackin' da plan I'm like who are you man
Peter Pan? but it's still cool G
Slack off my back, slipped da hell out my knee
And yo correct dat effect and stop feelin' on me
I'm not feelin it G
I can depend on myself
I don't need anybody else
To be on my back like that, to be on my back like that
I can depend on myself
I don't need anybody else
To be on my back like that, to be on my back like that
(Yo girlies, 1-2-3 if ya feelin' what I'm sayin then check the scene)

Yeah, yeah, yeah! Now I got it (What now?)
What you need is, you need diamonds and pearls baby!
(Listen 2 this! Listen 2 this!) Yeah diamonds and pearls
So, the world can be yours if ya know (Yeah, right!)
I mean yours as well, and mine of course (Oh, ok)
See, you be actin' funny! (uh huh)

Guys they always wonder what's with me
(Say what, say what, say what?)
I never let them get in too close (Oh I'm listenin')
I have my own control
I can't be bought or sold (No)
And I never have to do what I'm told
Yo ladies are you feelin' what I'm sayin'?
Well smoke okey doke as if this was a joke
Cause you think you got balls of the great n' black jaws
But your leg I will poke like an egg crackin' a busted yolk
It's a negative cause I won't pause
Till you truthfully see are you
Listenin' to me till you truthfully
See independently like I handle myself
I need nobody else

I can depend on myself
I don't need anybody else (I don't need anybody else)
To be on my back like that, to be on my back like that
(Can you dig it, can you dig it?)
I can depend on myself
I don't need anybody else (I don't need anybody else)
To be on my back like that, to be on my back like that
(Yo are you feelin' this, ladies ya know what im sayin'?)
I can depend on myself (Can you dig it?)
I don't need anybody else
To be on my back like that, to be on my back like that
I can depend on myself (Can depend on myself)
I don't need anybody else
To be on my back like that, to be on my back like that
(Yo ladies if ya wit me won't you kick me like dis)
(Oh, yea TLC in the motha- -house!)

A fist full of fate, how much more can I take
This is 6 minus 7 plus 1 ending none (zero) you should go to
Where I'm comin' from take your turn tryna teach
A dumb-dumb so it be (Take your turn) just a bad memory
Till you truthfully see are you listenin' to me
Till you truthfully see independently
Like I handle myself I need nobody, nobody else

Yo, yo!
Can you dig me?
Cause ya know what I'm sayin' on the microphone 1-2  1-2
T-Boz is wit me!
Aww yeah we kickin' it live
Tryin' to tell ya somethin' here
If ya can know what I say
But let me tell ya it's a little bit like dis
You don't need it like that because
Bein' on your back
That ain't happenin' ya know what I'm sayin'?
TLC is in the house
(I can depend on myself)
Comin' to ya live
Kickin' it to ya right
(I can depend on myself)
Can you dig me can you dig me?
(I can depend on myself)
Yo, it's just a TLC thang
Nobody on our backs
(I can depend on myself)
We can depend on ourselves
(I can depend on myself)
Ya listenin' to what I'm sayin right? (I can depend on myself)
We're takin' it from the TLC to the E-N-DEmbed