Fuckaz LyricsAll them people who hold the keys
But continually close doors, know people dem fas
Fi all them fucking people who fas ya
Because you know what them are; you is weak
Fi all them fucking people who lie, continuously lie
Just so them can steer wit' dem there, haha
Fi all them fucking people who ignore blatant facts
Just so them can maintain an order benefical only to themselves
Lord God!
Fi all them fucking people who are smiling at yer face
Only because them wan' see who there behind you, haha
Fi all them fucking people who believes all is fair an' equal
Ignorant of the fact that nuttin' of the sort
Fi all them people who never wan' see a man succeed
Improve an' better 'I'm bloodclaat self in life
Fi all them people who believes that charity begins at 'ome
Look here, mi say look upon the state of your 'ome
Fi all them fucking people who only concern in life
Is to mine our permanent state of hesitancy... believe
Fi all them fucking people who look by your face
And try to control how the way you run t'ings
Fi all them fucking people who like to see a grown man
Pick up them shit after them, trust mi
Fi all them people whose worthless ambivalence
Leads to nuttin' but frustration and self-obsessed anger
Fi all them people whose gain is my pain
There will come a time in life when only your pain will remain
Fi all them people who use the word 'friend' as an excuse
To carry on with slackness
An' take a whole heap of bloodclaat liberty
Fi all them fucking likkle yout' bwoy who thinks
They known everything about life
But them know nuttin', trust me
Fi all them people who full up them yard with picnic
Then come their tooth lose their mouths
Bawl an' beg me out on the street
Fi all them people whose worthless stupidness
Is only surpassed by the wickedness of other people
Fi all them yout' tha' thinks charity begins at home
Believe me... nuttin' begins at 'ome
... space it ilie... come tell'em man about the {... warrantees?... }
... with our people who take a likkle bit of poetry...
All them fuckers... tell'em man...
Fi all them people who fas and call you what you know them as
You is weak, haha
Fi all them people who lie, continuously lie
Just so them can steer right with dem there
Fi all them fucking people who ignore blatant facts
Just so them can maintain a order benefical to themselves
Fi all them fucking people who are smiling at your face
Only because them wan' see who there behind you, trust mi
Fi all them people who believes all is fair and equal
Ignorant of the fact that nuttin' of the sort
Fi all the people who never wan' see a man succeed
Improve an' better 'I'm bloodclaat self in life
Fi all them people who believes that charity begins at 'ome
Trust mi, look upon the state of your home
Fi all them people whose only concern in life
Is to mine our permanent state of hesitancy
Fi all them fucking people who like to see a grown man
Pick up them shit after dem, heh heh
Fi all them people whose worthless ambivalence
Leads to nuttin' but frustration and self-obsessed anger
So, how did we get here and where do we go now?
How did we get here and where do we go now?
How did we get here and where do we go now?
How did we get here and where do we go now?Embed