If They Knew Lyrics
I don't know what she would do if she knew (Hey yeah)
That you were comin' (What we do, what we do)
To do what we do (Guess who's back)
I don't know what he would do if he knew (What?)
That you were comin' (What we)
To do what we do (What we do now?)

Always wondered if she knew about us
When I met ya, you said ya'll had broke up
Right on time cause I didn't have my love
Me and him was on some other stuff
That let me fall to you
And from what I could tell, you fell too
And I wonder if it would be wrong
If we just kept it on

And I know we (Yeah)
Both had someone that we (Come on) just kept from
And (Check it out now)
They still think that they're the only ones (What?)
I like the way we hang, but it ain't belong (Yeah)
When we know the feelings ain't all gone (Uh uh, 1,2 now)
I don't know what (Don't know what)
She would do if she knew
That you were comin' (Yeah)
To do what we do (I don't know, don't know)
I don't know what he would do if he knew (Uh)
That you were comin' (If he knew)
To do what we do (I don't know, don't know, T-Boz)

Always thought that he knew about you
When I met you, I said we were through
In time my feelings came right back
But I didn't let us get off track (Say what? Uh)
And I got so into you (Uh, check)
Way too fast, what do I do?
And I know I shoulda held it off
But you just turned me on (Oooh)

And I know we
Both had someone that we just kept from (Uh Uh)
And (What? Huh?)
They still think that they're the only ones
I (Only ones, now) like the way we hang, but it ain't belong
When (Say what? X3) we know the feelings ain't all gone(Come on) (Yeah)
I don't know what
She would do if she knew (If she knew that)
That you were comin'
To do what we do (Uh uh)
I don't know what he would do if he knew (Yeah, come on)
That you were comin' (Uh, LaFace)
To do what we do (They don't know bout y'all)

We've kept things pretty tight thus far
Love without the sex
And hundred thousand dollar cars
Ain't it funny how auras unify
An entity upon itself, that can spread wings and fly
A peaceful coexistence that will surely last (Last)
Becomes a reminiscent dream for those in our past
If they knew just a fraction of all the things we do
They still wouldn't comprehend
The depth between me and you

And I know we (Laughs)
Both (Yeah) had someone that we just kept from (Come on)
And (What's up gah)
They still think that they're the only ones
I (TLC in the house) like the way we hang, but it ain't belong
(Uh, no doubt) We know the feelings ain't all gone (Uh)
I don't know what
She would do if she knew (If she knew)
That you were comin' (Yeah, Uh, yeah. Know what)
To do what we do (Do what we do, what we do now?!)
I don't know what he would do if he knew(I don't know don't kno)
(Come on) That you were comin'
To do what we do (Yeah baby, I What? What?)

I don't know what (Duh duh duh, duh duh dun dun duh)
She would do if she knew (Duh duh duh, duh duh dun dun duh What we do, what we do now?)
(Duh duh duh, duh duh dun dun duh What we do? X2 )
(Duh duh duh, dun duh dun dun dun haha)
I don't know what (Don't know what?)
He would do if he knew, I don't know (Yeah)
Don't know (TLC)
Don't know (Left Eye)
Yeah baby, I (T-Boz)
(Chilli, Dallas, uh)
I don't know
Don't know (What's up?)
Don't know (What's up?)
Ooooh I....Embed