Venus and Mars / Rock Show / Jet (Live) LyricsVenus and Mars
Sitting in the stand of the sports arena
Waiting for the show to begin
Red lights, green lights, strawberry wine
A good friend of mine follows the stars
Venus and Mars are alright tonight
Rock Show
What that man holding in his hand?
He looks a lot like a guy I knew way back when
It's silly willy with the Philly band
Could be....... Oo - ee....
What's that man movin' cross the stage?
It looks a lot like the one used by Jimmy Page
It's like a relic from a different age
Could be....... Oo - ee....
If there's a rock show at the Concertgebouw
They've got long hair at the Madison Square
You've got Rock and Roll at the Hollywood Bowl
We'll be there.... Oh yeah....
The lights go down - they're back in town O. K
Behind the stacks you glimpse an axe
The tension mounts you score an ounce, Ole!
Temperatures rise as you see the whites of their eyes
If there's a rock show at the Concertgebouw
They've got long hair at the Madison Square
You've got Rock and Roll at the Hollywood Bowl
We'll be there.... Oh yeah....
In my green metal suit I'm preparing to shoot up the City
And the ring at the end of my nose makes me look rather pretty
It's a pity there's nobody here to witness the end
Save for my dear old friend and confidante - Madamoiselle Kitty
Yeah, tell me
What's the man movin' to and fro?
That decibel meter doesn't seem to be reading low
But they was louder at the Rainbow
Could be..... Oo - ee
Jet
Jet! I can almost remember their funny faces
That time you told me that
You were going to be marrying soon
And jet, I thought the only
Lonely place was on the moon
Jet! Jet!
Jet! Was your father as bold as a sergeant major?
How come he told you that
You were hardly old enough yet?
And jet, I thought the major
Was a lady suffragette
Jet! Jet!
Ah, mater, want jet to always love me?
Ah, mater, want jet to always love me?
Ah, mater, much later
Oh, she said
Oh, she said
Oh yeah!
Jet! With the wind in your hair of a thousand laces
Climb on the back and we'll
Go for a ride in the sky
And jet, don't you know that I
I thought you was a little lady suffragette
Jet! Jet!Embed