The Girls of Porn Lyrics
(Indistinct pornographic movie sounds mixed with the clinking of coins through arcade slots)
Okay, all you pus-sucking motherfuckers out there: it's time to win a chance to butt-bang your daughter's tight virgin cherry ass to caller number... six six six!

The urge is too much to take
All I can think about is playing with myself
It's time to masturbate
I've got my Hustler and I don't need nothin' else

("Mmm... oh, you're scrumptious Mr. Bungle")
Ginger... Ginger

My hand gets tired and my dick gets sore
But the girls of porn want more
So I flip through the pages one more time
And I just let the jism fly
Yeah yeah yeah!

A quarter for a peep show
A private booth or talking to a naked whore
Triple-X video
976 and I can whack it on the phone
("Oh you've got such a nice ass...")
Nobody's home, I'm alone
The Devil in Miss Jones
("Oh yes, I'm gonna get some, I got some its right there in my hand, oh and there it is!")
Nobody's home, I'm alone
Aja & John Holmes

("Fourteen-inch dead dick!")
We got gushing gonads, tingling tushes
Hairy balls and hairy bushes
S & M, whips and chains
Pregnant ladies with menstrual pains
We got hand jobs and nipple tweaks
Finger bangs and slapping cheeks
We got rape, necro & both ways
And lots of hung studs for all you gays
We got incest & bestiality too
We got Sade & the sweetest taboo
We got girls who'll eat your pee and poo
And guys who'd love to fuck your shoe
There's she-males, lezbos, and shaved beav
And D-cup mamas with so much cleave
Senior citizens who love to watch
And sniff those skid marks from your crotch, yeah!
("Bear!")
("Bear, I love your muscles")
("Oh, bear!")
("Bear, you smell so bad but you fuck so good")

Ain't got no woman next to me
I just got this magazine
And what's on the TV screen
And that's okay with me

My hand gets tired and my dick gets sore
But the girls of porn want more
So I flip through the pages one more time
And I just let the jism fly
("Oh, Mr. Bungle")
Yeah yeah yeah!

("I'd buy that for a dollar!")
I was trained to fuck you baby
I, I, I, I was trained to fuck you baby
I, I, I was trained to fuck you baby
I, I, I, I was trained to fuck you baby
Yeah... yeah... yeah!Embed