Boys Lyrics
For whatever reason
I feel like I've been wanting you all my life
You don't understand
I'm so glad we're at the same place at the same time
It's over now

I spotted you dancing, you made all the girls stare
Those lips and your brown eyes (ooh), and the sexy hair
I shake, shake my thing, and make the world want you
Tell your boys you'll be back, I wanna see what you can do

What would it take for you to just leave with me?
Not tryna sound conceited, but me and you were meant to be
You're a sexy guy, I'm a nice girl (Don't you know?)
Let's turn this dance floor into our own little nasty world

Boys, sometimes a girl just needs one (You know I need you)
Boys, to love her and to hold (I just want you to touch me)
Boys, and when a girl is with one
Boys, then she's in control

Took the boy off the dance floor, screaming in his ear
Must've said something 'bout me 'cause he's looking over here (What you say?)
You looking at me with that sexy attitude
But the way your boy's moving it, it puts me in the mood (Ow!)
What would it take for you to just leave with me?
Not tryna sound conceited, but me and you were meant to be
(Don't you know?)
You're a sexy guy (ooh), I'm a nice girl (Don't you know?)
Let's turn this dance floor into our own little nasty world

Boys, sometimes a girl just needs one (I get nasty)
Boys, to love her and to hold (I get nasty)
Boys, and when a girl is with one (I get nasty)
Boys, then she's in control
(You like that? Here we go)

Tonight, let's fly, boy, have no fear (Have no fear)
There's no time to lose (Baby, what are you waiting for?)
And next week, you may not see me here (Uh-uh)
So, boy, just make your move (Let me see what you can do)

Boys, sometimes a girl just needs one
Boys, to love her and to hold (The way you move)
Boys, and when a girl is with one (It's gon' turn me on)
Boys, then she's in control
Come with me, let's fly into the night
Oh, boy, tonight is ours (It's just you and me, baby)
Keep loving me, make sure you hold me tight
Let's head for the stars (Get nasty)
Ow!

Boys, sometimes a girl just needs one
Boys, to love her and to hold (Get nasty)
Boys, and when a girl is with one (Get nasty)
Boys, then she's in control

Can't live with 'em, can't live without 'em5Embed