Cisco Kid Lyrics
(Raleigh)
That's chapter 1. Would you like to have chapter 2? You better, you son of a bitch; I know the words!
(Cisco Kid serial)
Here's adventure...
Here's romance...
Here's the famous Robin Hood of the old West...
"Cisco, the sheriff! He's getting closer!"
"This way Pancho, vamonos!"
The Cisco Kid!

Way, way, way, way back in the days, the year, 1980
Had to get a job, had to make some money-ney
Picked up a pen and a pad, dropped reality
Never thinking that I would live to see the day I'd rock my own CD
We used to do the dance we called, "wubby-wubby"
Now S.T.P. 1993
So Hollywood, get out my way
My mom's word seems like yesterday:
"Love Jesus, don't forget to pray"
She most have gone with the boss D.J., right?
("Don't be too sure of that, fat one."
"Fat one?")
And feelin' love, so skinny-ny-ny
Comin' with the 9 millimeter, point your gun and bullet free (Bang)
'Cause he who has the money, has the authority
And respect to the man with the Uzi
("Pretty handy with a six gun, myself")
The 808 kick is on my hit list
And this beat's cooking like an Ital Dish
It wasn't hard for me to do, it was so easy
Because to me, loops looped tight come naturally
Mom's words seemed like yesterday
(Cough)
("What's your name?"
"Cisco Kid"
"Si, Pancho's name is, Pancho")

Now in '94, we got an S.T.P
A half pack of smokes, and oh yes, Aunt B
A fifteen pack of Old Milwaukee
A dalmatian and a girlfriend
But I ain't got no money-ney-ney-ney
The 808 is within my reach
Sublime posse come straight from Long Beach
If you think that Hollywood didn't get what he deserved
Call 808, kid, and get served
(How am I gonna get a scar like that eating pussy, man?)
("There's always some hombre that can't resist swappin' lead just to see if their faster with the six gun than Cisco is."
"He-he-he, those hombres find out Cisco the fastest!"
"Well that don't stop 'em from tryin', Pancho, like Slade, here: he fancies himself as fast on the draw as them quarter-horse takin' after a stray."
"Oh-ho-ho, that one not gon' beat Cisco, either!"
"Well, what's the matter? Can't the Cisco Kid talk for himself? Is that how you got your reputation, Cisco, by havin' your partner build you up?"
"I make no claim to a reputation, señor, and no one has to talk for me."
"The Cisco Kid, huh? The kid part of it fits you from the way you act."
"I've meet with your kind before. (Cat scream)
You're a foolish hombre if you think he will not fight you."
"You're making big talk for an hombre who will not fight."
"You are wrong, Slade. I'll fight you any place, any time -- if there is a good reason."
"Well here's a fistful of reasons!"
"Now, you two quit that."
"Just as soon as I finish off this Cisco Kid."
"You are the one that is finished, braggart!"
"Is that a good punch?"
"Alright you two, that's enough! Let him alone, Cisco."
"I won't forget this, Cisco!"
"I'll take this up with you another time."
"Any time, hombre. I'd be glad to accommodate you."
"I'll make it soon, Cisco."
"Shut up, Cash, keep your mouth shut."
"That's what I mean, Cisco: you attract trouble like a fiddler attracts a square dance! You understand why I don't want you staying in this town?"
"Do not worry sheriff...")1Embed