Raleigh Soliloquy Pt. II Lyrics
You went for line drawings and you fucked up you fuckin' idiot. You brainwashed yourself, you motherfuckin' stupid cocksuckers, because you never studied your Holy Homework. That's two capital H's there, all the rest are lower case in any fuckin' case. Supreme Court, you are not the fucking Supreme Court of anything, except Hell! For the next ten-thousand years you will shovel your shit and eat it, because you're on repeat, motherfucker. It just started backwards and you can't do a fuckin' thing about it. The public are gonna take back every fuckin' thing from you that you took away from them, you motherfucker!
Raleigh.
Yes.
This is the deal.
Yes, what is the deal?
You either cool it down right now...
"Or you're gonna fuckin die!"
...or you're outta here.
Oh, you're gonna put me out? Well, I ain't leavin', motherfucker. Now what are you gonna do? What are you gonna do to this little kid, huh?
You're gonna go to the psych ward.
Well, good! That's where I wanna go!
Yeah, you're gonna be right there. So you better cool it down. You better cool it down right now. I don't want to hear anything else out of this room...
Or you're gonna what?!
...or you are gonna go to the psych ward. This is your last opportunity.
Yeah, OK, get it. Let's go.
Shut your fuckin' mouth.
Alright!
And don't make any more waves in the house. Otherwise you're going to the psych ward.
Well, that's exactly what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go to the psych ward and so I'm gonna shoot my fuckin' mouth off, so get out of here. You're cutting into my commercial.
You understand?
I'm making a fuckin' commercial; I'm a businessman! Get out of here! You're trying to get in on this fuckin' thing; you ain't no star, asshole, you're just a fuckin' errand boy.
You're the craziest son of a bitch I ever...
Exactly. I'm an American!
This is the last warning, Raleigh.
Good, shut up! (laughs)
Any more out of you and you're going to the psych ward.
See, you lie. You don't eat your feedback.
You need to understand that.
I understand that!
As long as you understand that, that's the rules, Raleigh.
Whoever comes in this fuckin' room, I'm gonna kill em! That's what I'm gonna do.
Oh are you? I'm in your room, Raleigh.
Well, you've come in against... this is my room.
I'm in your room. I'm in your room. I'm in your room.
Back out! Back out! Back out! Words don't bother me, man; actions do.
Let's do it. Go for it, dude.
Well, if you come at me, you're gonna fuckin' die!
Go for it.
I ain't going for nothing!
You fucking wimp.
You fuckin' reach for me, and I'm gonna take your arm off!
Come on. Come on!
I ain't coming; you come!
Cool it, Raleigh. You understand that? You got it? Either you cool it or you're out of here, that's the only choice you have.
Try it!
You're gone, dude.
Who's gonna enforce it? Call the cops, motherfucker! Call the cops!
You got witnesses right now?
No witnesses, call the fucking cops! I'll call the fuckin' cops on you, you cocksucker, right now!
Good. Call 'em.
911, just like that, and you will never get out of this!
Good. Come on.
I would like an emergency call please, there's a psychopathic trying to kill me in my fuckin' room, now get them cops over here to 12309 Ventura Street please. He is standing in my door, I told him to get out of here, and he tells me he's gonna put me in the psycho-tank, for making my production here, which is a science fiction magazine! And he's trying to scare me cause he thinks he's big, but he's just a big pile of shit! 'Cause I'll splatter him all over the fuckin' wall. I hope you record all that. That's a pre-programming for the police department! And send 'em over here, 'cause I'm about to kill him in two seconds. Now get 'em over here as fast as you can, please. I hope you're recording this.Embed