Said The King To The River Lyrics
Up, M'Lady, pack your things
This place is not your home, nor was it ever
Sever every tie
Tonight we ride, tonight we ride
Tonight we ride

And how we've trembled at the way that time assembles
Little fires of desire in the tundra of our skin
So, do yourself a little favor
Savor every time you waver
For that shaking in my voice was only slightly feigned chagrin

Tonight we ride
Tonight we ride

Oh, Lover, uncover
I know it's warm beneath your sheets
And there is ice along the streets but
Listen, lover, we will recover
But we've no time to waste with meddling in affairs
We've locked so tightly in our dreams
We are not clean, we are not pure
We will not rest until we're sure
So, rob your pretty little eyes of sleep's disguise
I'm at your bedside with a bucket full of lies
So, clear your ears and listen
Up, M'Lady, pack your things
This place is not your home

And I know what is!
And to the glorious past:
You've opened my window but broken the glass
And I beseech thee, 'shed thy beauty.'
For as a child leaves the womb and learns the cold
You have taught us peril in the present
And you will bring us peril in our surely-soon-will-be

Unless...
The river's not flooded this time
Oh, precious distance
Oh, precious pain
You've given me a name
And etched it in the stones of the river bank
Oh, precious distance
Oh, precious pain
You've given us a name
You've given us a name
"Rise!" Said the King to the River
"Never let up! No, bring us a flood and bring it hard!"
"Freeze!" Said the Wind to the Water
"Never give in! No, build us a bridge!
And build it strong and angry
Let it still the King's decrees
Oh, you must contemplate the current
Boy, and command that coward cease
The boy breathes for his love says, 'I wait.'
His love says, 'I wait.'
She's shouting out, "I will come back. Yes, I will come back!
And I will come, I have lived my life so uncomfortably
Darling, come for me
Comfort me!"


"Rise!" Said the Boy to his Lover
"Darling, get up. I've brought you my love, and brought it far!"
"Leave!" Said the Girl to her lover
"I've given in. If love is a bridge, we built it wrong!"

Curb your anger
Still your fists
She will never come back
She'll never come back, she'll never come
Never come back, she'll never come back, she'll never come6Embed