All in Your Head Lyrics
Th-th-th-this some motherfucking scripture right here, ya heard?
The good book says and all that shit, shit, shit
You want to talk about mind control?
Just flip a motherfuckin' psalm for that ass!
Open your hymnal to page sixteen, it begins with the letter 'P'!
And the God said, "Let there be light!"
Talking about showing a bitch the end of the tunnel, you understand?
You gon' meet your maker!
You still owe for that rib, a ho gotta pay that back with interest

Cross heart, die slow, light rain, thin coat
False lash, high heel, real skin, come feel
Blonde hair, red lips, blue face, tie clips
Look love, you want this ass, don't front

S-s-s-see, the way to a bitch purse is get in a bitch head
And on the sixteenth letter, a ho gon' say what you said
Like in a real way, like a bitch think what you thought and ain't even know
And if you real about this pimpin', you ain't never po'!
'Cause pussy and dick stack a dollar so quick
You got a motherfuckin' cathedral in the Palisades offa ho money
Keep up with this game now, you gettin' it from the source!
Bottle and sell it, prohibition or not, pussy make paper, playboy!
Got hats, bring that big talk, lay back
Fuck boy, don't play, just noise, no names
Stay wet, come see, work hard, get free
This that, good good, cum more, you should

D-d-d-don't let the ho get lost now;
That ho is out of body and that mind is yours to shepherd!
Get your neck and wrist lit up like a dome on a motherfuckin' mosque
So a bitch can find it in the dark!
Be a beacon of hope for the weary and tired
'Cause them feet been on the street all night
But as long as they got tithes in hand
The tabernacle gon' shelter you from the storm!
Say it loud now: "Pimps up, hoes down!" (Hoes down)
"Fuck bitches, get money!" (Get money)
"Hallelujah!" (-lujah)
"Amen!" (Amen)

Amen, amen, amen, amen
Bow your head, repeat what is said
Lead us away from every temptation, oh
Deliver us from Heaven
Queen and kingdom, call them inside
Glory, glory, Hallelujah
Mysterious ways his spirit moves
But let your bodies mourn in peace
Amazing grace, his sweet exchange
From lost to found, the wretched saved
Holy and far, measured and running over
Warm to the touch, it's eternal
Eternal
Eternal
Eternal3Embed