Get Out of My House Lyrics
Go, get out of my house, please
And actually give me back my keys
But I'll be proper angry
If you're not back later on your knees

Look, if I'm talking to you, you shouldn't be gawping in thin air
You're so selfish but what about us, as in pair?
I needed you to come over, man, I needed you to have been there
I'm about to do something crazy, you'll regret this, I swear
(I can't, look, just)
This one time I really needed you to head over mine where
(Just listen, just listen to me)
I was throwing up all morning, it was all in my hair
(Yeah, I know you were, I know)
Then because I was so dizzy, I almost fell down the stairs
(Yeah, I know, look, fair play, man, fair play)
Like you always do, you know, you just don't fucking care
(But li–, listen to what I'm saying, just listen)

Go, get out of my house, please
(But you're being)
And actually give me back my keys
(You're overreacting, you just, calm down)
But I'll be proper angry
(Are you gonna listen to what I'm saying?)
If you're not back later on your knees
(Look, just let me have my say)
Look, come on, calm down, it wasn't all totally like that
You're overreacting just a bit, maybe we can sit down and chat?
It's just, you know I had stuff to do, you know, this and that
Maybe it wasn't so important as you being in the sack
But I had to sort out my pills, man, I needed to stock up my stash
I couldn't do it any other day, I had to do it then, quick snap
And you didn't want me there last Sat, so I left you on your jack
And this Saturday, I thought it was the same deal
As last Sat at your gaff

Go, get out of my house, please
(Look, where's this come from, man?)
And actually give me back my keys
(Just listen to what I'm saying)
But I'll be proper angry
(And we could just talk this out)
If you're not back later on your knees
(But if you're gonna be like this, you know
What do you want me, what do you want me to do? Oi)

You don't care about my broken TV
I sit on my sofa all day, smoking weed
I never phoned that bloke from the TV company
So please don't be like this, please, please, please
Actually, now I think about it, what am I guilty about?
I felt like I was in the wrong, I felt like I was the lout
Oi, this is what happened last Saturday now
I think I remember now
You were ill last Saturday and two weeks before that little bout
You know I need that medication for my epilepsy now
Or I run the risk of having a fit, you know I can't go without
So when you being in bed is because last night you got pissed
It's you that's being selfish, it's you that don't give a shit

I'm gone, I'll get out of your house
Then I'll never be back again
But I'll still be seething
When you text me to make up and be friends

So there you go, eh?
Don't try and give me that shit, right?
'Cause, d'you know what I mean?
You're not exactly, fuckin', you know
What, d'you know what I mean?
It don't really matter anymore
D'you know what I mean?
It's hard enough remembering my opinions
Without remembering my reasons for 'em
You're confusing me now
I'm not gonna give you an example
I can't remember an example
You do it all the time, you know, that thing that you do
I can't remember when you last did it, can I?
Nah, I'm gone anyway
I'm never gonna darken your towels again, I tell you that
And that thing about femme fatale, yeah?
She's fit, and she's fitter than you anyway
I like her, d'you know what I mean?
I'm never gonna meet her
So where do you get this jealous–
Well, I like her, you know
You can turn that off1Embed