III: The Will of One Lyrics
I have seen this city a thousand times

Through the glass twenty stories high
I have watched this city burn
If everything that you said is true
There is no hope someday they will learn
But if I stay here with you
Then I will never know the truth

Do not say this is how it has to be

As I walk through the city streets
These frightened people watching me pass;
There is an evil that holds them here
Yet they won't try breaking its grasp
But if I stay here with you
Then I will leave them to their doom

Do not say this is how it has to be
You do no better than the fools of this burning city
Megaman stopped. His path through the city had led him to the grave of his brother. Men began to gather below the hilltop where he stood silently, reading the words of his father carved onto the crumbling marker

Even here it is not safe (You have heard me tell this story)
Even this grave has been defaced (Many times before you sleep)
Someone has written on this stone (No matter how dark this city gets)
In some angry hand: (Even now, there is hope for man)
Hope rides..

Alone
Hope rides alone
Hope rides alone

The buildings fly past him now. Megaman rushes towards the east side of the city, towards the fortress, towards his fate. The rusting metal loudspeakers mounted at intervals on the side of the stone wall are humming, chanting now words to settle the stir created by a new hero. Words to quell a potential uprising. Words to inspire fear. Words to drive back the idea that freedom is within the grasp of one angry mob headed by one unstoppable leader. One perfect Machine

"Do not say this is how it has to be." (We have control. We keep you safe.)
"You do no better than the fools of this burning city!" (We are your hope.)
But as I live (We have control.)
There is no evil that will stand (We keep you safe. We are your hope.)
And I will finish (We have control.)
What was started, (We keep you safe.)
The fight of Protoman (We are your hope.)
We have control
We keep you safe
We are your hope
We have control
We keep you safe
We are your hope
We have control
We keep you safe
We are your hopeEmbed