IV: Vengeance Lyrics
We are in control

The voices of the men and women carry him forward. Megaman has no fear now that freedom is near
Standing between the sea of men and Megaman's final purpose is an army of robots, commanded by one leader. This is not Dr. Wily. Wily has no power on a field of battle. This is Wily's second in command. His face is shrouded in the shadow of the fortress, his rough features and solid construction obscured by the void of light
The robots advance
One by one they will fall. No mercy will be shown. No hesitation. These are machines. They cannot feel pain. They cannot understand what drives Megaman onward. The rage is lost on these soldiers. Megaman has his target now. The Commander of this army will fall. All the wreckage he must wade through to get there is insignificant

Send your armies
There's no man or machine
Who can stop me
And you'll soon see
I come for vengeance
For the first Son of Light, and I'm ready, and I'm willing, and I'm prepared to-

Send me the best you've got. Send me your strongest machines
The fight my brother fought, here, now, will end with me
All you wounded, those of you who can, pick yourselves off the ground
Hurry back, tell your leader you'll need more men

Send me the best you've got. Send me your strongest machines
The fight my brother fought, here, now, will end with me
Is this the best you've got? Is this your strongest machine?
Now with one powershot, you'll see what vengeance means
Nearing the gate and the leader of the Robot Army, Megaman's fury yields to confusion. This Commander is not just a machine

The shadow, it covers your face but your eyes shine just like mine
Step forward, step into the light if you're ready, and you're willing, and you're prepared to fight
So be it, send your armies. There's no man or machine who can stop me, and you'll soon see
I come for vengeance for the first Son of Light and I'm ready, and I'm willing, and I'm prepared to fight

Send me the best you've got. Send me your strongest machines
The fight my brother fought, here, now, will end with me
Is this the best you've got? Is this your strongest machine?
Now with one powershot, you'll see what vengeance means

Just before the shot rang out, the blast that would end this battle, the commander stepped out of the shadows and into the light. This was a face our Hero had seen before, in visions and dreams. This was not the face of evil
This was the face of a Hero
The face of a Son
The face of his Brother
This was Protoman.Embed