V: The Stand (Man or Machine) Lyrics
Megaman dropped to his knees and lowered his weapon. Dr. Light stepped quietly out of the crowd
You're trying to understand. I told you your brother had been killed
Yet, here he stands in the very shadow of the man you came here to destroy
You came here to avenge his death. You came here to save mankind. You see now, you cannot do both

Megaman's eyes raised to meet his brother's. Protoman met his stare, held it for only a second and turned his attention to the bloodthirsty crowd

Tell me now. Is there a man among you here?
Is there no one who will stand up and try to fight?
Tell me, Man!
Is there not one in all your ranks?
Is there not one who values courage over life?

Protoman turns his attention back to his brother
They looked to me once
Now they turn to you
Do you understand now?
Do you see that the truth is
They don't want to change this?
They don't want a hero!
They just want a martyr
A statue to raise
I've given everything I can
There are no heroes left in man

So it begins!
No matter which one of us lives
The ground we're standing on will crack and blow away
And you will fight
But when you fight, you'll fight alone
And in the end you'll see there was no other way
I've been here before. I've stood where you stand
They called me their hero, The Hero of Man
But why should we save them
When they stand for nothing?
If they deserve life, let them stand for themselves

We've given everything we can
There are no heroes left in man
They'll watch you die to save their lives
They will not stand here by your side

Suddenly Protoman stops. His eyes fall on his father. His face changes almost imperceptibly. Nothing changes but his eyes. Then, as quickly as he'd stopped, Protoman leaps off of the shattered robots and lands in the midst of the remaining army. Throwing his bare hand into the side of one robot, Protoman sends him flying into the ranks. Three, four robots fall under Protoman's powerful blow. He destroys his own legions as he makes his way to the front of the line. He stands alone in front of Megaman
We've given everything we can
There are no heroes left in man
So let them watch as we decide
The very fate of all mankind!
The air is thick with smoke. Protoman makes no move, but stands, still at some distance, at the ready. Megaman, still fighting to fully grasp the truth of the situation, raises from his knees. His weapon raised hesitantly, Megaman locks eyes with his brother but breaks free seconds later. His eyes dart over the crowd searching for Light. His father's eyes are on the ground
Dr. Light can watch no more. The crowd watches with fiery intensity
Megaman's eyes fix once again on Protoman. His weapon drops to his sideEmbed