VI: Sons of Fate Lyrics
I will not fight you. (You have no choice.)
I'll stand beside you. (I stand alone.)
You're still their hero. (Then they are fools.)
This cannot be the only way! (You will see.)
They don't deserve this. (When this is through,)
Now more than ever, (Mankind will fall.)
We are their hope! (They would not stand.)
They know no better. (They would not fight.)
They are not ready. (They never will.)
Even now there is hope for man! (My father's words!)
Your father loved you. (He still believes?)
His heart was broken. (His only weakness.)
His greatest strength! (Now we shall see)
You are not evil. (if they will stand)
You are not broken. (beside their hero)
We both know they'll never fight!
You finally get it
There are no heroes
Mankind is doomed

You will never have another Hero
You will never have another chance
You will fall because you never tried to stand for yourselves!
Destroy him!
You can save us!
You're our only hope!
Kill Protoman!

No man saw the blow. The light was blinding. The crash was deafening. The two brothers stood feet apart. Both in pain. Only Protoman fell. His knees hit the ground. His weapon followed. Before he could fall any further Megaman was at his side. The brothers, the Sons of Light, embraced. Protoman was dying. Nothing could stop that now. Protoman looked up through strained eyes and tried to speak. At first nothing came. Summoning all his remaining strength, Protoman whispered these words into his brother's ear:

If these people
Tell this story
To their children
As they sleep
Maybe someday
They'll see a Hero
Is just a man
Who knows he is free

Protoman was dead
The crowd seemed pleased
Megaman finally understood
There are no Heroes left in Man
He could not save himself
How could he save us?
For all the blood he shed, (As I live)
Your brother failed us. (There is no evil that will stand.)
There's nothing you could do. (And I will finish)
You had no choice. (what was started:)
Why do you cry for him? (The fight of Protoman!)
You are our hero
You are our hero!
You are the dead

The fallen body of his brother at his feet, Megaman removed his helmet and began to walk away from the fortress. The remaining robots looked at their broken leader, then at Megaman. Without orders, they would neither advance nor retreat. With eyes full of rage, Megaman looked over the whole of Mankind, turned his eyes back to the robot army and lowered his head. Slowly, he loosened his grip on his battle-scarred helmet, letting it drop from his hand to the ground. The robots immediately turned from Megaman and cast their eyes towards the fortress. Dr. Wily stood high above the robots, high above the crowd of men, high above their broken heroes. With a wave of his hand, the robot army had their orders. They advanced on the crowd to punish them for their thoughts of rebellion. Men fell in waves. Those most eager to watch the bloodshed were the first victims of the slaughter. The sound of Machines marching into a screaming mass did not cause Megaman to turn. The sound of children crying for their mothers would not pull his gaze from the far edge of the city. The sound that finally caused Megaman to pause long enough to look back on the burning city was the voices raised over the din, chanting almost in unison:

We are the dead
Aaaaa, we are the dead
Aaaaa, we are the dead
Aaaaa, we are the deadEmbed