The Big Picture Lyrics
Seems like it, right? Don't you think?
You going in that side?
You wanna drive?
No, you can drive
It's kind of cold in here
Go left here, then up here, now take a right
We'll go up to...
Take a right here, can you make a right here? Yeah
And then maybe left, 27...
Oh, he told you where it was?
No, he didn't
You're just guessing. ESP?
Psychic...
...all my stuff is still there
Whoa, Jesus, Jesus...
That was weird... got scared so I pumped the brakes... I thought we could be sliding 'cause I'm used to driving in the snow
Shh, wait a minute, I like this song...

The picture's far too big to look at, kid
Your eyes won't open wide enough
And you're constantly surrounded
By the swirling stream of what is and what was
Well, we've all made our predictions
But the truth still isn't out
But if you want to see the future
Go and stare into a cloud
And keep trying to find your way
Out through that maze of memories
It all sort of looks familiar
Until you get up close, then it's different clearly
But each time you turn a corner
You're right back where you were
And your only hope is that forgetting
Might make a door appear
Is it your fear of being buried
That makes you so afraid to speak?
An avalanche of opinions
Like the one that fell that I'm now underneath
It was my voice that moved the first rock
And I would do it all again
I mean, it's cool if you keep quiet
But I like singing
So I'll be holding my note and stomping
And strumming and feeling so very lucky
And there is nothing I know except a lifetime's one moment
And wishing will just leave you empty
So you can try to live in darkness
But you will never shake the light
No, it will greet you every morning
Make you more aware with its absence at night
When you're wrapped up in your blankets, baby
That comfortable cocoon
But I've seen the day of your awakening, boy
And it's coming soon
So go ahead and loose yourself in liquor
And you can praise the clouded mind
But it isn't what you're thinking, no
It's the course of history, your position in line
You're just a piece of the puzzle
So I think you'd better find your place
And don't go blaming your knowledge
On some fruit you ate
Because there's been a great deal of discussion, yes
About the properties of man
I mean, animal or angel
You were carved from bone but your heart is just sand
And the wind is going to scatter it
And cover everything with love
So if it makes you happy then keep kneeling
But I'm standing up
Because this veil it has been lifted, yes
My eyes are wet with clarity
I've been a witness to such wonders, yes
I have searched for them all across this country
But I think I'll be returning now
To the town where I was born
And I understand you must keep moving, friend
But I'm headed home
Yeah, I'm going follow the road
And let the scenery sweeping by easily enter my body
I will send this message in code, underground over mountains
Through forests and deserts and cities
All across electric wire, it's a baited line
Yeah, the hook's in deep, boys, there's no more time
So you can struggle in the water
Be too stubborn to die
Or you can just let go
And be lifted to the sky3Embed