Oh Word? LyricsYo, what's up?
Sucka emcees, check the footnotes, ya'll
Word up. Ready, bite 'cha ass
Oh, word?
Yo what the schnitzel, we're back
Shit's getting duller and duller and that's a fact
I don't care what you heard or care what you seen
I swear it wasn't me in Bear magazine
Because I'm not that hairy, oh contrary
I go with the flow though the tempo varies
So twist the cap and pop the cork
You know it's Adrock, made in New York
Oh word?
What the ponytail, I don't eat snail
I'll steal your keys and then I'll check your mail
Cause I'm the creepy crawler that be crawling your walls
And I'm the shot caller when it comes to shot calls
And I'll be rockin' parties from block to block
And block party to party the neighborhoods on lock
So hide your eyes, wait, I saw you looking
The name's MCA, made in downtown Brooklyn
Oh word?
Yo what the parsley, parsley to the teeth
I'm a rhyme style writer, you're a rhyme style thief
I may be paranoid, you tried to fade me
Here's a song for you, "Lady"
Make you bug out like you don't know what to do
Your momma says, "Shame on you"
When you're dancing with your crew
So get that poor chicken up off your fork
My name's Mike D, made in New York
Oh word?
Yo what the falafel, you gotta get up awful
Early to fool Mr. Furley
And that's word to Aunt Shirley and you could
Stick your head in the toilet give yourself a swirley
Listen up, biters - go please stop
While I'm politicin' at Murray's Cheese Shop
Believe what you heard, when you talk
You know it's Adrock made in New York
Oh word?
What the phone booth, word to hair mouse
You're on the corner and you're selling a hog's tooth
Don't mean to dis but I've got to point out
The hogs tooth belong inside the hog's mouth
Like Ernest Shackleton said to Ord Lees
I'll have dog pemmican with my tea
Now pass me the wok cause I'm cookin'
The names MCA, made in Downtown Brooklyn
Oh word?
Yo, what the doofus, say good night
You're Snidely Whiplash, I'm Dudley Do-you-right
Times are off the hinges, leave your 2-way at the door
We're all up the creek, a long way from shore
I'm not walking around, looking to get you cake
The D is for Diamonds, not for Drakes
This is not a fantasy and I'm not Mr. O'Rourke
The name's Mike D, made in New York
Oh word?Embed