4 Better or 4 Worse Lyrics
Uhh, do you take, Rhymealinda
Do you love me Tre?
Do you really love me?
To be your lawfully, wedded, wife?
Uhhh, uhhhhh, I do, I do, no I don't, I do

Ah roomie zoom zim, I'm off to be wed
To Rhymealinda I remember umm, when we first met
In '82, back in school, used to play up all the fools
Sometimes you'd be my number five, sometimes you'd be my twenty-two
But umm, screw the dumbshit, 'cause little Rhymea's true
I can't wait to say "I do", and oh yeah honey there's no due
I got my chariot rollin', now I'm mic controlling
Got some spunk in my funk, I can't wait to put some soul in
We're rollin all strikes, we're havin' little tykes
One is little Mike, the other's Ike, I'm sure that you would like
To hold 'em, or maybe stroll 'em on their little bikes
When they're born, I've sworn, to bring 'em up right
You know, dope is how I breed em, beats is what I'll feed em
They'll be healthy like a health nut, I'm sure you shake your butt
Kick the verse preacher, and I won't disperse
Here's my life Rhymealinda for better or for worse

And you don’t stop, you don’t stop (What)
And you don’t stop, you don’t stop (What)
And you don’t stop, you don’t stop (What)
And you don’t, stop
And you don’t stop, you don’t stop (What)
And you don’t stop, you don’t stop (What)
And you don’t stop, you don’t stop (What)
And you don’t stop
Well it's done, she tagged me, duck duck goose
I'm batter up, I can't sleep, the fly brother must produce
The power pack and I'm stacked like a forty-five mag
Straight up tennis shoes, in my pants there's a sag
Droppin' so much grammar gotta slam it down my mouth
Shup? I met a slut she, put me in the rut G
With the dip that was down with me from the whole front
Now front me never too cool how-ever
I gotta get the bread, gotta get the butter
Fix it up eat it down throw it in the gutter
(Gutter dreamed it) sour, (creamed it) gotta
Skinny-dipped into her ass as if it was a pool of water
Now the water's gettin hotter so I bought her a new ring
Maybe a love ballad is the song I sing
I gotta kiss her ass my tongue I hold before I curse
If you really want me BITCH, take me for better or for worse

And you don’t STOP (what) and you don’t STOP
And you don’t STOP (what) and you don’t STOP
And you don’t STOP (what) and you don’t STOP
And you don’t STOP (what) and you don’t STOP
And you don’t STOP (what) and you don’t STOP
(I mean nah, just)
And you don’t STOP (what) and you don’t STOP
And you don’t STOP (what) and you don’t STOP
And you don’t STOP (what) and you don’t stop 
Well this is the final chapters 
Of me, we're going to rack up 
In tune, in tune, in tune, a button 
A button, a button! Oh c'mon, honey 
Would you come along with me down the lane 
And I will pick your brain 
I won't be good like you think I will 
I'll take a hammer and start to drill 
Your skull, and then I'll really start pickin'
Your brains out  I will be lickin'  Mmm mmm mmm mmmm! *slurp* 
You taste so intelligent, ahhhhhh 
Yes yes yes, you trusted me, now 
I busted thee, top of your skull
You thought the day was going to be DULL??
A little very exciting 
I took your fingers then I started
BITING, and then I scraped the meat 
Off, the bone, of your leg 
Ahhhhh, you tried to make me beg
But I had to insist, I had to insist, I... 
Run up your pussy with my fist 
Okay, I think we've gone a little bit 
Overboard, don't stop it yet 

Like this... ("like what like what like what")
Like this... ("like what like what like what")
Like this... ("like what like what like what")
Like this... ("like what like what like what")
Yo, I'm Audi Geee
No doubts manufactured
No ahh copies, we can't ahh, do copies
No copies, okay
Oh, so you expect me to do some type of freak show?
That's what it really is huh?
Is that what you want? What you talkin about?
What you talkin bout nigga?
Whatchu know bout the problems of L.A.?
I'mma tell you what's wrong with the problems
Of the people in the L.A
See the brothers needs some type of education
And you know, some type of foundation, in the, uhh
Community, cause the mute-co, duhh, the community
Grows like seeds, and the seeds will not fall from
The tree if you don't water the grass
So nigga get off your rusty black asssahhhh
Like this... nanananananana, like this
You can get with this, or you can get with that
I think you get with this because Fat Lip's fat
Fat fat Fat Fat FAT FAT FAT *echoes* *laughter*
Uhhh, okay ummm, okay uhh, keep going keep going keep going
Keep going, ay Romye Romye, come here come here c'mere c'mere c'mere
C'mere c'mere (OK OK aiyyo yo yo yo) C'mere for a second
Aiy Rhasaan, Rhasaan, Imani, Imani I think you should
*music stops* Oh, duhh!3Embed