Thela Hun Ginjeet Lyrics
Thela hun ginjeet, thela hun ginjeet
Thela hun ginjeet, thela hun ginjeet
Thela hun ginjeet, thela hun ginjeet
Thela hun ginjeet, thela hun ginjeet
Qua tari mei, thela hun ginjeet
Qua tari mei, heat in the jungle street

Well, first of all
I couldn't even see his face
I couldn't see his face
He was holding a gun against me, and-
Umm
I was thinking
This is a dangerous place
Oh, this is a dangerous place

Thela hun ginjeet, thela hun ginjeet
Thela hun ginjeet, thela hun ginjeet
Thela hun ginjeet, thela hun ginjeet
Thela hun ginjeet, thela hun ginjeet
Qua tari mei, thela hun ginjeet
Qua tari mei, heat in the jungle street
I said, "I'm nervous as hell from this stuff
I thought those guys were going to kill me for sure
They ganged up on me like that
I couldn't believe it
I mean, look, I'm still shakin'
It's weird
There out in the streets like that, ok
It's a dangerous place, it's a dangerous place
So, suddenly, these two guys appear in front of me
They stopped real aggressive
Start at me, you know
"What's that?" "What's that on that tape?"
"Yo, what do you got there?"
I said, "huh?"
They said, "What are you talking into that for?"
I said, "It's just a tape, you know"
They said "Well play it for me", I said "oh, no", ha ha
I put it off as long as I could
And finally they turned it on, you know
They grabbed it from me, took it away from me, turned it on
And it said, "He held a gun in his hand. This is a dangerous place."
They said, "What dangerous place?" "What gun?" "You're a policeman!"
The deeper I talked, the worse I got into it
I talked, I told him... I said, "Look man, I'm not talkin'...."
It went on forever
Anyway, I finally unbuttoned my shirt, and said
"look, look... I'm in this band here, you know, I'm in this band you know
And we're makin' a recording, you know
It's just about New York City, it's about crime in the streets..."
The explanation was going nowhere, but
Finally, they just kinda let me go, I don't know why
So I walk around the corner, I'm like shakin' like a leaf now
And I thought, "This is a dangerous place once again, you know."
Ugh, who should appear, but two policemen
Ha ha ha, ah ha ha!
Thela hun ginjeet, thela hun ginjeet
Thela hun ginjeet, thela hun ginjeet3Embed