Nightflight to Venus LyricsLadies and gentlemen
Welcome aboard the starship Boney M. for our first passenger flight to Venus
Ready for countdown
Ten (Nightflight to Venus)
Nine
Eight
Seven
Six (Nightflight to Venus)
Five
Four
Three
Two (Nightflight to Venus)
One
Ignition
Lift-off
Nightflight to Venus - Way out there in space
Nightflight to Venus - Our new favourite place
Nightflight to Venus - We got the all-clear
Nightflight to Venus - The moment is here
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Nightflight to Venus
Nightflight to Venus
Ladies and gentlemen we have had a successful take-off
On this first night flight to Venus
Our flying time will be eight hours
You'll be travelling at a speed of 2,183 miles per second
That is seven and one half million miles per hour
The distance from mother earth to Venus is 60 million miles at this time
To your left you can see the mountains of the moon and right
In the centre, under a huge plastic bubble, Moon City
A boomtown if ever there was one, because of the huge gold and diamond veins
As for Venus, it took almost ninety years to cool down the planet from its 500 degrees To the current pleasant 75 degrees and to transform the atmosphere to make it habitable For Earths people
Nightflight to Venus - Way out there in space
Nightflight to Venus - Our new favourite place
Nightflight to Venus - All systems are go
Nightflight to Venus - The sky is a-glow
Captain - unidentified object at eight o'clock
Two million miles away
Stand by for emergency manoeuver
Object coming closer with the speed of light
We have eight more seconds
Object coming closer
We have five more seconds
Change course by 4.6 degrees
Order executed
That was a close one ladies and gentlemen
A meteor just passed us on its way to infinity
Well, you can see, even in space, traffic is getting heavier all the time
Ladies and gentlemen in a few minutes we are going to be landing on Venus
Push the button on your left side
The safety mechanism will do the rest for you
We hope you enjoyed the world's first night flight to Venus
Have a good time thereEmbed