Down in Hollywood Lyrics
Well, did you hear the good news?
There's gonna be some bad blues
Somebody said they're playing all night long
So go and fill your brown bag
And put on all your clean rags
Let's go downtown and see what's going on
You take me down to Vine Street
Stop when you hear the back beat
And I'll sneak past the bouncer at the do'
Now I know that he ain't lookin'
Not when the band is cookin'
'Cause he's watching the ladies dancing on the flo'

Going down in Hollywood
You better hope that you don't run out of gas
Down in Hollywood
They'll drag you right out of your car and kick your ass
In Hollywood
They're standing on a corner just waiting for a sucker like you
Down in Hollywood
Now, if you want to stay healthy just keep a-moving right on through
Be careful, don't look back, keep moving, keep moving
Well, the scotch has started flowing
And some girl she is showing everything she's got
Folks, it's a sight!
Some men would give a week's pay
If she would just dance down their way and say
"Baby, I'm gonna take you home with me tonight"
Outside the streets are shaking and I hear windows breaking
Some poor fool's gonna land in jail tonight
Well, all the hookers trying to pull your coat
And the pimps reach out to cut your throat
Ain't no way out of here without a fight
(What's that fool saying?)

Down in Hollywood
You better hope that you don't run out of gas
Down in Hollywood
They'll drag you right out of your car and kick your ass
In Hollywood
They're standing on a corner just waiting for a sucker like you
Down in Hollywood
And if you want to stay healthy just keep a-moving right on through

"Hi. You know you're going to get arrested the way those pants fit around your thighs. Oh, come back honey! Don't leave now. Ohhhh..."
"Hey, bud. Come here, let me talk to you for a second. Give me that"
"Cops coming"
"Ok, fine, can't sleep here ... oh Jesus, guy's a mess"
"Well, he's just drunk. Come on, pick him up, put him in the car and take him downtown"

Well, his mama told him not to go
Little sister told him too
But the poor boy just didn't listen
Like he should have, that's too bad
He hitchhiked all the way from Burbank
Now, he's gonna end up in the drunk tank
Some old man say, "Yeah, well, that's just the way it goes down in Hollywood"

Down in Hollywood
Hope that you don't run out of gas
Down in Hollywood
They'll drag you out your car and literally kick your ass
In Hollywood
They're standing on a corner just waiting for a sucker like you
Down in Hollywood
Well if you want to stay healthy just keep a-moving right on through

For truth! Man, I'm telling you
Oh shucks
Aw, they'll do anything down in that low-down Hollywood
He'll be in a world of trouble now
Lord, have mercy
Can I get a witnessEmbed