Open Mic Nite, Pt. 2 Lyrics
(We got a brother from around the way)
Yeah yeah whats up y'all you know we back in the house cold chillin'. Got the brother from another mother. Holla!

I get my weed from the best sources
I like it smooth, not coarse like horse hooves
The weeds I smoke never touched by pesticides
To smoke that chem weed—simply suicide
The way it’s grown is very important
I only smoke the plants that are very potent
And when I blaze, I feel bionic
'Cause the weed I smoke is—hydroponic

Yeah alright-right. Cut his mic, cut his mic. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that was nice brother. Alright we got my man right here comin' up on the microphone. His name is Creature! Holla!

The human skyscraper
Who skydives into a pool of alcohol to get intoxicated
Like paying child support and taxes I’m forever hated
However bruh, I stated I’m bugged like tapped phones
When it’s on
I’ll make your heart chaperone your bones to the funeral home
I cast the first stones that smash a youth’s dome
A car crash out of my body spirits roam
You do what to who?
You must be sniffing glue like The Ramones
I’ll tear a brother’s flesh until the skeleton is showing
I’m coarse like a corpse whose mouth and ass got asewn
Spit poisonous poems
Even your boys know fuckin’ with this—your ass'll be gone
Let it be known
Brother spittin’ that tired shit should be dodgin’ this
‘Cause I test brothers’ hearts like a cardiologist
Yeah, yeah, yeah, thank you goddamnit give me the muthafuckin mic. Alright up next up we got my nigga. I don't know what the fuck he is or what he look like. I hope his mouth don't stink. His name is Viktor!

Respect, it's V—what the heck?
Y'all know who's the best—might as well cut the check
They didn't know the face, but by the name they knew him
Racist against rappers, they all look the same to him
They used to beg him not to egg them on Halloween
Told them holler back with the suede pumas, dollar green
Y'kna mean? Heated up to the temperature tar boil
Y'all just gawk like gargoyle
Mind your manners, or be R.I.P
Local bartenders call him barfly V
He used they CDs as coasters
Harassed their street team and graffitied up their posters
Don't appear too drunk
And let a stare turn into a "yeah, you- punk!"
Told the host "make sure he last, yo"
Any other order might be a fiasco
V flow like cash flow on the first of the month
For broke niggas that's thirst for the blunt
He kept a pocket full of posies
Always had a rocket, why's she so nosey?
Looking at my Seiko, it's about to be Waco
And it won't be televised and you can make sure
(Hey, hey, hey, get down, what the fuck you doin' man)
Turn jake to Bac-Os
(Oh man let's get the fuck outta here)
Money over snake hoes
Oh fuck man, damn!
They shot my nigga Lil Willie2Embed