Untitled A.K.A. Change the Beat (Bonus Track) Lyrics

And so, Viktor Vaughn hid from the world
A fascinating story, but it changes nothing


Oh, word
Nah, yo, change that beat
That's alright, but, the other shit— other shit was iller


Word, word
Yo, that shit is dope right there

A modern day marvel, but terrible— better, horrible
When he grab the mic from son, he crushed up all his metacarpals
He said he ain't mean it, totally by accident
After the show, he didn't follow where y'all taxi went
Will this be available on wax? Ask Max Mill
They on the opposition to his ass-wack tax bill
But will it pass the senate? Slum lord tenant
And it's super like 1-A, have a fun stay
One day, he plan to put in a runway
With enough land for his own projects and gun play
Section eight penthouse, maid look like Faye Dunaway
A lot of y'all ass out like gay runaway
It's, how they say? Semi-risqué
All day everyday, give out Emmys the quick way
Have the average MC say, "Give me a sick day"
They really ain't got shit to say like Timmy McVeigh (Oh, shit)
Get a hunch, a real rag tag bunch
In school, he kept a durag in a bag lunch
Just to eat heads on some breakdance shit and spit
He writ this skit in Sanskrit
If the pants fit, sport 'em, but rock 'em low
Your man like Rollo on the slow, can't knock it, though
It's like the same hustle, bro, two knuckles glow
Tucked in Le Tigre just to let the name buckle show

Good googly moogly, see that loogie?
Yeah, but keep it on the D.L. Hughley
You don't watch her, he might house her like Doogie
Just to cut her loosie like, swoosh, Mitsurugi
Gooey gum drops
Who he got his style from? His pops
You gotta give the bum some props
Ask your sister, her beat box is more thicker
DOOM that nigga detox with more liquor

Villain for hire, admire the sound
Make sure the price is right before he come on down (Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh)
Rappers be on some, "You, you, you"
Forgot who they talking to, too much pork stew
They need to not come out with nothing new
Blew the whole shit up on some, "What this button do?"
DOOM cheat the game like walkthrough
Run 'em, son 'em like Mr. Rourke do Tattoo
The way a lot of clowns get down is unnatural
This flow flip like oranges, apples
Rhymes is like limes to a Lemonade Snapple
Leave her at the chapel, don't eat scrapple
First thing they notice when they come to is they bling is gone
Then they start remembering the Klingon with the rings on
In came the Villain with the old gear like, "Hi, there"
"Y'all play the rear, this whole year my year"
Metal Face beard like Brillo pad
Y'all know his steelo, so don't feel so bad
Seed call him, "Old dad," the one the old ho had
Knew he was a winner since a swimmer in the gonads
Okay, pal, pay him like PayPal
So we could be A-OK, not O.K. Corral
I think today, I'll make the ladies say, "Ow"
And maybe fuck around take a bow now

Who made his first mill and still carry razor blades?
Used to be straight A's and still made the grade?
Retarded ass, how he get cash so fast?
Year after last, he left back in the retarded class
Should've went to BOCES
Watch him all closely, who he think he supposed to be?
Villain who always win, at least he stay consistent
Find out where that bitch went, get a room, pitch a tent (Yeah)

Yo, Max, yo, change that beat, yo
You got another one?
Nah, yo10Embed