Shoot Me In The Head Lyrics
Self-destruction, I'm headed for self-destruction
I'm self-hating, deprecating, I need help or something

I'm like "Cunt, pussy, slut, lick twat, lick dick"
No, my vocabulary ain't improved one bit
I'm the lowest of the lowest life-forms
And I make it painfully obvious every time I write songs
I'm hated, got liberals begging for the death penalty
And conservatives wishing my mother aborted her pregnancy
I wish my father just put his dick in my mother's mouth
And instead of getting pregnant she choked on me and spit me out
Kids wanna be me, why you wanna copy this loser?
All I do is spit bullshit immature potty humor
You doubting me and not listening when I'm talking?
You can put my dick in your mouth and rub my balls on your chin
Motherfucker done, duck, sucker, run, run amok
Buck, buck, gun, Whodini, hut, hut, one
All the other white rappers they can suck my dick
In fact all the black rappers they can suck my dick
In fact everybody out there you can suck my dick
Find me in the basement fighting pitbulls with Michael Vick
Now I can say faggot, shit, dick, rape, eat cunt
Ain't no censorship issues here so let's be blunt
People never could stand me, I really don't care
Will I make some enemies with this record? Hell yeah
I'm a piece of shit, I'm a fucking fat fuck
Shoot me in my head, shoot me in my head
I'm a piece of shit, I'm a fucking fat fuck
I'm a fucking fat fuck
I'm a piece of shit, I'm a fucking fat fuck
Shoot me in my head, shoot me in my head
I'm a piece of shit, I'm a fucking fat fuck
I'm a fucking fat fuck

Oh yes, I'm a little bit old and a little bit bitter
I could have sold more and been a little bit bigger
They claimed that I am the next rapper to get slain
Come on, shoot me in my head, put a bullet in my fat brain
I got explosives, guns, knives, weapons of all types
Ninja stars, nunchuks, bats, pipes, looking for fights

"This is shit, can't you talk about something more positive like the environment or something important like politics?"
Yeah, sure

Bill O'Reilly he would hate my guts, so what?
Katie Couric she would hate my guts, so what?
Barbara Walters or Whoopi, which one's the dumber slut?
Keith Olbermann, bitch could get a knife in his gut
Obama nation, the Bushs, the Clintons or '80s Reaganomics
It don't matter, the government always be taking your profits
The Republicans ain't shit, the Democrats ain't shit
What would make you think that either side is ever gonna change shit?
Nancy Pelosi, that bitch crazy
Before Obama she was water-boarding terrorists and blowing Dick Cheney
Think they was looking for Bin Laden, that's a croc, they was looking for him
Like they looking for the murderers of Biggie and Pac
Fuck this, I ain't talking politics no more
Instead I'll walk in your office and shit on your floor
How my crazy ass look spitting political themes?
When I ain't even had beef with Bush till New Orleans
Hmm, strictly spitting that horribleness
Anybody that don't like it, they can gargle my piss
Rugged Man need love, I'm a grab Obama with that
Three-trillion dollar budget and head to the strip club
I'm the last one they should ever let speak
I should save politics for Dead Prez and Immortal Technique
I'm a piece of shit, I'm a fucking fat fuck
Shoot me in my head, shoot me in my head
I'm a piece of shit, I'm a fucking fat fuck
I'm a fucking fat fuck
I'm a piece of shit, I'm a fucking fat fuck
Shoot me in my head, shoot me in my head
I'm a piece of shit, I'm a fucking fat fuck
I'm a fucking fat fuck

Rugged Man, Rugged Man, Rugged Man
You're a piece of shit
You're a fucking fat, fucking fat
Fuck, fu-u-uck
Who I'm rolling with? Nobody nobody nobody nobody
Who I know? Nobody nobody nobody nobody
Who I care about? Nobody nobody nobody nobody
Who give a fuck about me? Nobody nobody nobody nobody
Sing it bitches!
Rugged Man is a piece of shit
That's right, that's right7Embed