Homecoming Lyrics

My heart is beating from me
I am standing all alone
Please call me only
If you are coming home
Waste another year flies by
Waste a night or two
You taught me how to live

In the streets of shame
Where you've lost your dreams in the rain
There's no signs of hope
The stems and seeds of the last of the dope
There's a glow of light
The St. Jimmy is the spark in the night
Bearing gifts and trust
A fixture in the city of lust

What the hell's your name? (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
What's your pleasure and what is your pain? (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
Do you dream too much? (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
Do you think what you need is a crutch?
In the crowd of pain
St. Jimmy comes without any shame
He says, "We're fucked up, but we're not the same
And Mom and Dad are the ones you can blame"

Jimmy died today (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
He blew his brains out into the bay (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
In the state of mind (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
It's my own private suicide

Well nobody cares, well nobody cares
Does anyone care if nobody cares?
Well nobody cares, well nobody cares
Does anyone care if nobody cares?

Jesus filling out paperwork now
At the facility on East 12th Street
He's not listening to a word now
He's in his own world, and he's daydreaming
He'd rather be doing something else now
Like cigarettes and coffee with the underbelly
His life's on the line with anxiety now
She had enough, and he had plenty
Somebody get me out of here
Anybody get me out of here
Somebody get me out of here
Get me the fuck right out of here

(Ah-ah) So far away, I don't wanna stay (La-la-la)
(Ah-ah) Get me out of here right now (La-la-la)
(Ah-ah) I just wanna be free, is there a possibility? (La-la-la)
(Ah-ah) Get me out of here right now
(Out, out, out, out) Right!
This life-like dream ain't for me!


I fell asleep while watching Spike TV
After ten cups of coffee and you're still not here
Dreaming of a song, but something went wrong
And you can't tell anyone, 'cause no one's here

Left me here alone
And I shoulda stayed home
After ten cups of coffee I'm thinking...
(Where'd you go?) Nobody likes you, everyone left you
(Where'd you go?) They're all out without you, havin' fun
(Where'd you go?) Everyone left you, nobody likes you
(Where'd you go?) They're all out without you, havin' fun

(Where'd you go, go, go, go?)

Jeez! *sigh*

I got a rock and roll band, I got a rock and roll life
I got a rock and roll girlfriend and another ex-wife
I got a rock and roll house, I got a rock and roll car
I play the shit out the drums, and I can play the guitar
I got a kid in New York, I got a kid in the Bay
I haven't drank or smoked nothin' in over twenty-two days
(Don't want to be an American idiot!)
So get off my case, off of my case, off of my case!

Hey!

Here they come, marching down the street (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
Like a desperation murmur of a heartbeat (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
Coming back from the edge of town
Underneath their feet
Their time has come, and it's goin' nowhere (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
Nobody ever said that life was fair, now (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
Go-carts and guns are treasures they will bare
In the summer heat

The world is spinning 'round and 'round out of control again
The 7-11 to the fear of breaking down
So send my love a letterbomb, and visit me in Hell
We're the ones going...

Home, we're coming home again
Home, we're coming home again

(Ooh) I started fuckin' running as soon as my
(Ooh) Feet touched ground
(Ooh) We're back in the barrio
(Ooh) And to you and me, that's Jingle Town

That's home, we're coming home again
Home, we're coming home again
Home, we're coming home again
Home, we're coming home again
Home, we're coming home again
Home, we're coming home again
Home, we're coming home again
Home, we're coming home again
(You! Fuck off! Just go! I don't care! I don't! I don't know! I smashed my phone! Just go! I don't care! I don't! I don't know! I smashed my phone!)

Nobody likes you, everyone left you
They're all out without you havin' fun18Embed