What Up Man Lyrics
Tick-tick, clap, tick, tick-tick-tick, clap
Tick-tick, clap, tick, tick-tick-tick, clap
Tick-tick, clap, tick, tick-tick-tick, clap
Tick-tick-tick, clap, tick, tick, tick, tick, clap

So, I woke up this morning, and as I start yawning
That (Milk, milk) falling into my bowl
Then I thought to myself (Thought—Thought to myself)
That I need to take a trip to the grocery store
'Cause the bread is low
And the chicken I was eating with the mashed potatoes
Need a (Little bit of gold)
Oops, wrong song lyric—meant "a little bit of pepper"
Stepped out the crib with the bear-claw slippers
Robe tied tight (Yeah), chest: no chest hairs (Nah)
Store close at four, so I gotta get there
'Cause it's like 3:50, and I'm just waking up (Yeah)
And it take five minutes just to get to the front
Now, I'm standing in long lines
Lady with the baby probably buying some dog food (Haha)
Dog probably crazy
On a daily basis, my days be like this (This)
'Cause I got to the register and then, the store closed (True)
Yo, what up, man?
(If you cool, what you do?) Warm it up, then!
(I can't hold it 'cause it's hot!) Put it down, then!
(I left my kids at day care!) Pick 'em up, then!
(I'm tryna buy some new shit) What you tryna spend?
(All I got is five dollars) So you broke, man?
(I thought I had ten dollars) So you broke, then! (Ugh)
TV dinner on the counter, warm it up, then! (Ugh)
Warm it up, man! Warm it up, then! (Ugh)

Aiyyo, come, get some, you little bums (Bums)
I got a lot, and you can't get none
That ice cream truck just left, if you run, you can catch
But it's out 'cause I got the last one (Yeah)
But I got a box of cones that I'm willing to sell (Ayy)
I'll sell the ice cream too, two scoops for a bill
I could build a sandcastle without bringing a pail (Right)
And go catfish fishing and come up with a whale
But—But, you know what? That was easy as hell
Well, maybe not the line about me catching a whale
But if I did it, then, it's nothing, and I did it as well
Probably easy as it is to move slow for a snail
Did you know I made this beat with my mouth and a bell?
Just a F.Y.I. (I), I'm F-L-Y (Fly)
And for those that can't spell, I'm a pretty swell guy
I caught a lot of fish, I think I'll have a fish fry
Yo, what up, man?
(If you cool, what you do?) Warm it up, then!
(I can't hold it 'cause it's hot!) Put it down, then!
(I left my kids at day care!) Pick 'em up, then!
(I'm tryna buy some new shit) What you tryna spend?
(All I got is five dollars) So you broke, man?
(I thought I had ten dollars) So you broke, then!
TV dinner on the counter, warm it up, then!
Warm it up, man! Warm it up, then!2Embed