Bury Me with It Lyrics
We were shooting at a mountain of dirt
Well nothing was broken, nothing was hurt
But I probably really should have been at work
But if my free time's gone, would you promise me this?

That you will please bury me with it!
Please bury me with it!

Well as sure as planets come, I know that they end
And if I'm here when that happens
You promise me this my friend

Please bury me with it!
I just don't need none of that Mad Max bullshit!

Well the suit got tight, and it split at the seams
But I kept it out of habit, and I kept it real clean
But if it's getting faded, if it's running out of thread
Could you do this for me my friend?

And please just please bury me with it!
Please bury me with it!
Well we moved to the left, and we moved to the right
And sure as hell we stayed out almost every single night
But if the party's over, if the fun has to end
Could you do this for me my friend?

Would you just please bury me with it!
Please! Bury me with it!

Good news for people who love bad news
We've lost the plot and we just can't choose
We are hummingbirds who are just not willing to move
And there's good news for people who love bad news
We are hummingbirds who lost the plot and we will not move
We have good news for anyone who loves bad news

We were aiming for the moon
We were shooting at the stars
But the kids were just shooting at the buses and the cars
So don't drink the water
Don't you breathe the air
And if it's gotten to that point then I have to declare
That you just please bury me with it!
Please bury me with it!

Well fads they come, and fads they go
And God, I love that rock and roll!
Well the point was fast, but it was too blunt to miss
Life handed us a paycheck
We said "We worked harder than this!"

Please bury me with it
Please bury me with it

Ah shit now
We are hummingbirds who are just not willing to move
And there's good news for people who love bad news
We are hummingbirds who've lost the plot and we will not move
We have good news for anyone who loves bad news5Embed