I Am... Lyrics
Y'all know the name!
(I am Blu)

"It's crazy, Kris. He be thinking he all that and shit, and I be like... fuck that nigga, y'know what I'm sayin, cos when I was, I was actually with him, y'know what I'm sayin. And... I be like 'What's your name?' and he always be like 'I mean, it's Blu', and I said 'that ain't the name your momma gave you'"
"Forreal!"
"Shit, whatever"

Check it (yeah)
The truest of the colors
With 5 little sisters and like 6 younger brothers
I look like my mother, but I act like my pops did
Whatever he ain't teach to me, the block did
(Yes, I'm Blu)
That same kid in grade school
Rocking hand-me down kicks and still remained blue
An arrogant fuck that never shared with his lunch
But brave enough to sock anyone you dared me to punch, now (I'm Blu)
From all the bruises I got
'Cause most time I lost fights to all the fools that I socked
And most dudes that I clocked, end up working for law firms
And bitches I jocked, kept teasing me till my balls turned (Blu)
Now my main goal is to prove to these
High school graduates, don't think you out schooling me
'Cause truthfully I'm sick of these fools thinking they fooling me
Wait until the day you feeling Blu and see (I am Blu)
All 200 and 52 months of me
Plus change, and ain't no punk lame gettin' in front of me
The solo spittin', cocoa scented photogenic, low-low dippin'
Promo listening rap fan, homo offended black man
Blu: Now tell me, what did you think of him?
Man: He use to make fun of me
Blu: Are you serious? What did he- What did he do?
Man: And I don't like him
Blu: Why don't you like him? What did he-?
Man: He used to hurt my arm
Blu: Are you-?  Blu? Are you serious?
Man: Don't ever say his name
Blu: No I'm sorry
Man: Please I don't like him
Blu: I'm so sorry, it's- What-? What did he actually do? I don't get it
Man: He use to dress up like a ninja
Blu: Oh my God

All 21 years of me
And no it ain't a sucker living that can strike fear in me
'Cause spiritually, I know Gods here with me
But physically I'm frail, I weigh a buck, sixty on the scale
And I stand 6 feet and 4 inches
A light skin son of a pimp, with no bitches
A nigga with a vision to rise above the limits
I was given as a child tryna dwell amongst the clouds, and a (Blu)
Skies, I wish I could fly
Just to escape all of the hate and the pride that y'all affected with
The answers to your deficit, Alpha, Omega, Genesis
Exodus and Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy
I'm hard as new Geometry, You simple as subtraction
You cats in junior high to me, mad tryna box with me
Honestly a man
And whether I'm in front of a jam-packed stadium or just 2 of my fans
I am (Blu)
Blu: Man fuck that nigga, y'know what I'm sayin'?
Straight up man, aye pass that blunt though
Exile: Uh, its a cigarette
Blu: Like I was saying though man, fuck- *Smokes
Exile: Uh, can I have it back?
Blu: Fuck that nigga cuz, I be seeing that nigga- Swear to God *exhales*
Exile: Where am I?
Blu: Swear to God man, I be seeing that nigga, I be like yo kick a flow man. This nigga like, "nah nigga I'm signed and shit" I'm just like "nigga you's a bitch, that's it". That's what I'm talking
*Both laughing*
Exile: Who are you?

Now be the next generation of slaves
Here to make papes that the record labels rake
A mixtape great, yet a De La fan
And I am who I say I am (yes I'm Blu)
And honestly I just started smoking
'Cause stress I get from labels these days got me tokin'
Hopin' I could try to save the game before it's wasted
But I feel like choking rappers out untill they face gets (Blu)
For ruining the imagery invented
I remember niggas breakin' while the DJ was spinin'
And the women use to shake they ass like when they hula-hoop
Now the only niggas at your venue is your crew and you
But I'm proof that truth can sell as well as sex
Don't get it twisted, I spit as well as I sex
But it took years of practice with wack chicks
Now I'm proud to tell you what my name is when you asking (I am Blu)
And I grew through the years, shedding blood, sweat and tears
Getting love and the respect to my peers
Blu whether you like it or not
Like the colour that my skin is finna be when my heartbeat stops
I am (Blu)
Yo, uh, uh, get on down
Get, get, get on down, uh-huh, uh-huh
Everybody just get on down
The whole world, we finna get on down, down
To the, to the, to the, to the Exile sound
The whole world finna get on down
Just, just, just move with it, just vibe with it
And have fun (what else?), my big smile, y'all

What can I do for you back in this bitch
Not a damn thing, I keep my campaign popping like a champagne
Exile for president who ran game
On your mans name, sh-sh-shout out to my man Dane
Heard you was duckin' when the champs came
You try to hide and stay dry from my camp's rain
We bare flames on the amplifier mic tip
And growing samples on some hype shit (what), on some Tribe shit
You on point Tip
All the time Phife shit
Adidas when the mics' lit
Punching on some fight shit
But it's Kadice on some rite shit
On with the light switch
Bomb and ignite shit
Pause, let me write this song before my mic gets drawn, I'mon some life shit
I'm a on some death shit, Wild Wild West shit
Bushwacker stomp you on some WWF shit
Fucking up your press kit, don't get the press kid
Child running wild on some cloud 9 next shit, and Exile blessed it
Holy water spit Bitches Brew, Blu hexed it
Bulletproof vested when they wild on some text shit
9 lives left so don't stress it
Spitting with my heart behind bars on some cardiac arrest shit
Showin cats the exit
Come on take a rest kid, you don't want to test this
Number 2 pencil, no eraser for corrections
Exile's been selected, girlies get erections
Poppin out with knifes slicing wifey C-sections
I, I see sections of my life be corrected
But I always be Blu
Like I always be the D-Crew
Ask crew, guess who
Bless Blu with another track to express truth
And and even Ex is tryna stay less stressed too
So bang my tape deck when my text bless you
I collect checks and move to get chips
And Blu never lose, I break rules to get fixed
And soothe like 
I'm bangin in your coupe even after you dismiss
And give you a quick fix, So roll up and hit this
In the mouth with a big kiss, I hope she got big tits
But I don't have big dick, It's small like a lizard
 or what is it? Ok so i hit this
I feel so explicit, oh tell me what is it
It's me on some Chappelle on that when I get rich bitch
But I'll always be broke though, so pay if you owe dough
I'm comin' out the booth on some Nappy Roots pro-folk
And classy folks don't know the shit that we go through
Holler if you know blow, hoes don't want broke bros
And bros don't want broke Rolls, they diggin' for gold souls
Tryna find a diamond mine, patching up old hopes
And I'ma so broke though, I  locals
Sleek in a locomotive, eating my 
They look at me loco, because I am loco
Insane in the graveyard, ditch diggin a Volvo
I'm crackin' like egg yolks, get it crackin' like egg yolks
Ey folks, Ex and Blu get the pesos
From rocking a stage show, from LA to Wako
From pack down for theaters, to low-rider trade shows
Plus when we blaze flows, we makin' a drug for me
We taking it back... yo, man, let's get the fuck outta here, hahaha, shit
Microphone and, check listen, talking about your mom, kissing and this "Señor "
She said to me
Said "Bitch, give head to me
Your son is dead to me
He is a... wack MC
Matter of fact, I pack MCs in my bubblegum and chew 'em up, they laugh at me
Why's that, wisecat when I rip raps, raw than a motherfucking... guy with no back that I ripped off when I saw his whole... chest cavity
Got a cavity from chewing them up
What the fuck, listen, I be wording them up
I be weirder than fu-

(I wr-write-I write in red ink that-that-that turns to blue-to-to blue when-when-when the book closes-closes)2Embed