The World Is (Below the Heavens) Lyrics
Uh, Yeah, Uh
Sing it, Sing it
C'mon Love the whole world
Hug the whole world
Trust the whole world
Fuck the whole world
Stress the world
Bust the whole world
Motha fuck this whole world

Whose World Is This? The world is yours, The world is yours
Whose World Is This? Bet you feelin' like the world is yours, Right?
Whose World Is This? The world is yours, The World is Yours
Whose World Is This?

Yo, I'm tryna get to this place that my grandpa told me 'bout as a child (Uh-huh)
Told me only few can make it and the faithless ain't allowed (Yeah)
Be a Star out your Gang and aim above the clouds (Uh)
And if you miss, you'll at least be amongst your own crowd
I smiled cause now I see what he meant (Yeah)
I see it in the eyes of mothers when they uncover their sins and repent (Uh-huh)
Gettin' closer to Jehovah on their old knees bent
Praying our mind frames switch and these times change quick (Uh-huh)
But I hate to say it brother (What?)
The youth is too stubborn, too stuck on themselves to ever think about others (Real)
They must uncover the scales on their eyes called lies
Leading the deaf, dumb, and blind to a place my mom told me about (Hell)
Where their sins get cleansed (Uh-huh), cause they bathe in flames
And the only route out is to shout out His name
I was trained to be a soldier for God (Uh-huh)
But as soon as I used my own thoughts
I kinda got lost in this smog called reality (Yeah), where hell is a fallacy (Uh)
And Heaven is a fantasy created by man, so don't believe in it (Nah)
You came in here with nothing then you're leaving with (What?)
Nothing so retreat from this world of deceitfulness
But my people it's time to rise
Realize there's a heaven whether you think it's inside or in the sky
Reach for it (Yeah) before it's gone eternally (Gone)
And you stuck here below the heavens for eternity (Uh)
Whose world is this?
The...woooo-ooorld
Whose world is this?
The...woooo-ooorld
Whose world is this?
The...woooo-ooorld
Whose world is this?
The...woooo-ooorld

Yo, somebody once told me that I'm already in hell
Freedom's a state of mind it's just a heart of me's in hell
I freed my slaved mind so a part of me's in hell
So even when it's hard to breathe a part of me inhales
So pardon me... you gotta try hard to be yourself
Cause you can't go to heaven being anybody else
I was raised by a reverend yet the lessons didn't help (Uh-huh), had to get 'em for myself (Yeah)
I was told hell is hot but had to feel it for myself
So I left home (Uh)
As a young child smiling as I stepped on (Uh)
Facing a world butt-naked without my weapon (Yeah)
I lost my smile and exchange put a vest on (Uh)
Now that my premature stress is gone
I got problems to face as a man (Yeah)
I was told either you stand or you fall
Long as you know that when you walk, you holding hands with a God (For real)
That alone can turn the dark to a walk in the park
I only talk from my heart
So open yours when you're listening
Every man has his own heaven
The difference is the way that he envisions it, so (Yeah)
If you make your heaven pictureless (What?)
By the time you die you'll be drifting in an imageless field
So fill your heaven full of blessed thoughts
That's real, you could stress it or just let it walk (Yeah)
I got a question, if a man can make his own heaven (Uh-huh)
Then can he make his path to get to it too? (I don't know)
I only spit fluid truth (Okay)
And I spit it for the listeners so I'm spittin' to you
You say it's hell, I say it's bullshit we're getting through (Yeah)
Just think about it (Uh), every man has his own heaven (Right)
But shit, you gotta go through hell to be a man first
And understand first hell is what you choose to call the present (Yeah)
That's why you're going through it, I just choose to call it stressin' (For real)
To tell you fools the truth
I don't feel that's what I'm destined (At all)
So you can call it hell but brah...
I can say I'm below the heavens
*the Woooo-oooooooorld*
*the Woooo-oooooooorld*
*the Woooo-oooooooorld*
*the Woooo-oooooooorld*
*the Woooo-oooooooorld*
*the Woooo-oooooooorld*
*the Woooo-oooooooorld*
*the Woooo-oooooooorld*
*the Woooo-oooooooorld*
Yea yea yea yea yea yea yea5Embed