Hater Players Lyrics
Yes
Every day, somebody ask me where all the real MC's is at?
They underground
There's mad talented cats underground with that raw shit
Nah'msayin'? Bringin' them raw skills, nah'msayin'?

Really, to me, it's a Small Wonder, like Vicki why I'm picky
These niggas suck like hickies
And still get to slip they shit in like Mickies
I'm sick of these hater-players
Bring on the regulators with the flavors
Like a farm team fuckin' with the majors
Like a river, how I run through it, I do it so cold
Freezin' up your bodily fluids, your style is old
You runnin' your mouth
But don't really know what you be talkin' about
You should retire, get that complimentary watch, be out!
Yo, with the quickness, so swift, you miss this lyrical fitness
Now get this; these MC's wanna test me like litmus
Bear witness; I'm like shot clocks, interstate cops, and blood clots
My point is, your flow gets stopped!
By all means, you need more practice, take that ass home
Everybody lookin' at you, fish tank syndrome
In full effect, I stay catchin' lyrical wreck
And keep it blacker than the back of your neck
What you expect? MC's hollerin' 'cause we developin' the followin'
Gettin' played like Stone Love tapes and dollar Vans
Order reverse your universe, so your demise is first
Before your rise, it gets worse
You need a night nurse like Gregory
Beggin' me, "Stop, it hurts!" is what you say to me
Like that's supposed to mean somethin'?
You the one I seen frontin' in the club
Your act — I don't buy it, I got the dub
Come on, everybody, come, on just show your love
Come on, everybody, come, on just show your love
Come on, everybody, come, on just show your love
Come on, everybody, come, on just show your love
Come on, everybody, come, on just show your love
Visions occupy my synaptic space
Command and shape, to illustrate my mind's landscape
The tall grass, the low plains, the mountainous ridges
Thickets among the forests, rivers beneath the bridges
Presence of hilltops, lit up with tree tops
Eavesdrop, and hear the incline of sunshine
Nine stones in orbit, refuse to forfeit
They all form a cipher, and they came to absorb it
I follow suit, and face it, embrace it
Shinin' bright, but still I'm careful not to waste it
Destined to rise, because I'm basement adjacent
Spirit is still, so just chill and be patient
Some heads approach like I'm the one to base with
Clowns about to scream and shout, but don't say shh...
I ain't your student, so I ain't to be tested
I'm majestic, I represent my strength without effort
My, method is unorthodox, but of course it rocks
My serious synopsis will drop-kick
My topics run the gauntlets and galvanize the audience
I must represent, I don't come off with no corniness
It's all luminary, despite commentary
Some people say, "Mos, how you get so?"
My son, will make you jump around like calypso
And, murmur to yourself like a schizo
There ain't no bottom on the ???
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Here we go, Black Star, hop on the Black Star line
We 'bout to take y'all home
Nah'msayin'? Here we go

We got all markets on lock, from meat to stock
Black Star, what? Throwin' like Kid Rock in bars
Men flock to where we are, 'cause it's the place to be
I grab my pay, jump on stage and deface MC's
We sell our souls like Spawn and come for the throne I sit upon
Freestyle or written songs, shit, we can get it on!
Goin' back and forth, forth and back, all across the track
Passin the mics like quarterbacks
Of course, it's phat, get off of that!
Reverse psychology got 'em scared to say when shit is whack
Out of fear of bein' called a hater, imagine that!
We ain't havin' that
Reachin' past the star status that you grabbin' at
My battle raps blast your ass back to your natural habitat
So floss, 'cause what it costs ain't worth it to me (Why?)
'Cause I'm the one these Spice Girl MC's wanna be
But they can't, ain't no points for effort, so why bother?
'Cause your girl calls my name out like Clarence Carter
Clarence Carter, Clarence Carter!
(I be strokin', that's what I be doin')
A-yo, as we rock harder
And always drop the bonafide head-nodders
A-yo, later for the hater-players
Yo-yo, yo-yo, later for these hater-players
Black Star keeps shinin'
Black Star keeps shinin'
Black Star keeps shinin'
Black Star keeps shinin'5Embed