Same Thing Lyrics
Somewhere between prayer and revolution
Between Jesus and Huey P. Newton
That's where you find Jonny 5 shoot-shootin'
Water guns at the audience while you're scootin'
Your gluteus max due to the fact that he's tootin
On the horn, gonna warn you that I'm rootin'
For the other team in the culture wars
So I stab the beast's belly as the vulture snores
Yo Joe, let it blow with convulsive force
'Til walls fall off their false supports
'Til Jericho's aircraft carriers alter course
And all brave young Americans are called ashore
Cause we've already lost the war they keep wagin'
Splattering the streets in battles that keep ragin'
Bloodying each page of the story that we're studyin'
Each day the same, just the names keep changin'

Saying the same things over again
Repeatin' the same slogans, we don't know where we've been
We've been all over the globe on our government funds
Leavin' man, woman, and child dead, bloody, and numb
Saying the same things over again
Repeatin' the same slogans, we don't know where we've been
We've been overthrowin' leaders with legitimate views
Democratically elected but we didn't approve
How many times can the line divide?
How many wars to uphold your pride?
These fears uncontrolled just swoll the tide
Of blood in the streets while the people die
I'mma keep on tryin', long as sufferin' is multiplyin'
And why not?
These souls gettin tossed and left out to rot
My back's broad enough to help lift your cross
As long as you help with mine
The process of healing will take some time
To see the pain in yo' face is the same as mine
It's not a game or a race but the stakes is high
We maintain our mistakes for the sakes of sides
As long as it takes, I'll say it one more time
As long as it takes, I'll say it one more time
As long as it takes, I'll say it one more time

Saying the same things over again
Repeatin' the same slogans, we don't know where we've been
We've been all over the globe on our government funds
Leavin' man, woman, and child dead, bloody, and numb
Saying the same things over again
Repeatin' the same slogans, we don't know where we've been
We've been overthrowin' leaders with legitimate views
Democratically elected but we didn't approve
Same thing (U.S. is not us)
Same thing (And us is not we)
Same thing (And we are not satisfied!)
Same thing (We're tired of the same thing)
Same thing (And we're ready to make change)
Same thing (Are we ready to make change?)

We want money for health care and public welfare
Free Mumia and Leonard Peltier
Human needs, not corporate greed
Drop the debt and legalize weed!
We say YES to grassroots organization
NO to neo-liberal globalization
Bring the troops back to the USA
And shut down Guantanamo Bay!
Who let 'em overthrow Jacobo Arbenz?
Who let 'em overthrow Mohammad Mosaddeq?
Who let 'em assassinate Salvador Allende?
I didn't let 'em but they did it anyway!
Who let 'em overthrow Kwame Nkrumah?
Who let 'em overthrow Aristide?
Who let 'em assassinate Oscar Romero?
I didn't let 'em but they did it indeed!
But don't let them assassinate Hugo Chavez
Don't let them assassinate Evo Morales
And bring back Martin, Malcolm, Medgar
Hampton, Schwerner, Goodman, Chaney
Sayin' the same things over again2Embed