Studio Bullshit Lyrics
-Like, it's like:
(Scats the melody to "Take the Long Way Home")
Heh-heh, whoa!
(Trombone warms up, band continues scatting)
-I think that's it
-I can think of 
(Trombone continues playing)
(Trombone plays the melody to "Take the Long Way Home")
-Yeah, that was it

Can someone call my agent? My hair is lifting...
Oh, man
Now we have to do "Hooray for Boobies."
That was a C, right?
How do we do it... Hooray for boobies! ...That was you
Uh-huh
(Hums Shana's vocal part)
Right
And I did... (hums his own vocal part)
Right
Hooray fo- Oh, wait a moment. (Both laugh) What a start, what a start
Hooray for boobies-that seems too low
Right, that's it, that's it. We go up
Hooray for boobies-that's too low
Do you wanna take it up?
Hooray for boobies-(-or boobie-) that's not high enough
Hooray for boobies, hoo... Where do you want the- where do you want the high note to be?
Hooray for boobies- Yes, yes, that's better, that's better (both laugh, then warm up)
Hooray for boobies
Hooray for boo- (Hooray for boobies-) (both laugh)
Hey, that's pretty good, let's do it again: ...ray for boo-(both continue laughing)
We like this kind of humor, we like it a lot. (both continue laughing)
C'mon, let's go. I can't! Yeah, you can too, come on. I can't!
Okay, wait, wait. (sighs) Hooray for mine, hooray for everyone's
Yes, you'd-, yes, I- I- I'm envious. (laughs) Oh my God...
(scats the vocal melody) Right, is that where we are? Yeah. Right
Hooray for-(Hoo-) (laughs) Yes you can! Do you wanna do the Bloodhound Gang's- No, no, I have to do this. This is important to my career. Yes!
Sing your line now, so I know where- I can't- I can't look at you, that's the problem. Okay, well, I'll turn slightly away, how about that? Okay

Hooray for boobies!

...Let's, let's cut off together better. Okay! (scats vocal melody) Okay

Hooray for boobies!
...I felt a little bulge comin' on. And I went on to tell her how I would-and I went on to tell her how I would wear her face like a mask as I do my little kooky dance. Well, she told me to shut, now-FUCK!Embed