Mourning Glory Lyrics
I swear to god! Look!
This is something new you've never heard before this
Prepare to take a good look at your mind, fucker!
I don't know what you want to come here for
Prepare to take a good look at your mind, fucker!
These, these three little, these, these three little fuckers
The three little, the three little, the three little pumpkin patch
These three little pumpkins, went into the woods, and they, they said
They said today we're gonna find something really pretty to look at
And they went into the woods and they looked at all the, the trees
And they said this woods is really pretty
They said yeah, look at the trees
You know, 'cuz nature is just as part of us as we are to the Earth
And I said yeah
And, and the pumpkins, the pumpkins went further into the woods
And they came across this little man... with a big, big head
And the little man said
"What's your fucking name, you fuckers?!
What's your fucking names?!"
And the pumpkin says
"We're the pumpkins
Just join us and listen closely"
"Oooey! Oooey! Oooey!
You ain't been in my world
You never been in my world
You never will be in my world, fucker
You go away and you'll never be in my world again"
"The pumpkin boy said, the boy said, yes you will, yes you will, I think to stay, to stay
I wanna be in your world
For you in your world"
"Yeah you fuckers, you can't understand yourself
You think you can understand but you can't
Look, you just entered my world, right?
You just entered my world
If you think that you're quite alright you go in and 
 shit on my world
You think you can go from the top of the tree to the top of this too"
... fucked up
The two pumpkins looked at the little man and they said
"Why, why would he be such a, why would he be such a jerk?
I know that he doesn't smoke drugs
And he doesn't do cocaine
And he doesn't shoot smack
And he doesn't even drink beer
Why would he be such a fucker to me?"
Why would they be such fuckers?
All- all they wanted to do - pumpkins
All they wanted to laugh at was the pumpkins
"You little guys take...
You’d better go back
Get out of the woods
Get out of the woods
You don't know what you're getting yourself into
You don't know what you're getting yourself into
It's only the beginning
It was only the beginning
It's only the beginning
Stop the tapeEmbed