Move! LyricsBabylon position the queen and set the pawn, and start transform like Deceptacon
Anytime delegates have a discrepance
Well a bare tension with some long weapons
Night vision upon the attack mission, coalition of folly-ticians get switch on
If you look in the face of the newly born, the newly born a face malnutrition
Suspicion to what is them ambition
Total destruction start to ignition, and the world still a fight over religion
Everyone have a right to a decision
Superstition the people reflect upon, something nuh right I man suspect a con
Cause them a lost inna the darkness beyond
And none should escape except the ones who
Exodus with no question, better put on your Khaki uniform
If you-a driver, leave unno engine on
If you a rider jump pon a unicorn
Lace your shoes is you is a pedestrian
Run for the boarder like a Mexican
Underarm smell green like a Leprechaun, survival of Jah people
Exodus . . . Movement of Jah people
Chicken merry, Hawk is near, tell them beware but them still won't hear
Life is a road so you drive with care
Tire can't bus cause you got no spare, whole-heap of lust in your atmosphere
Step pon di gas and you start draw gear
Dis Rastafari you do not care, some don't share and then that's not fair
Make a move before they make a move on you
Making moves and still move and go thru, moving things weh you not supposed to move
Watch you move and where your moving to
Who you move with you move with your crew
Move some fool from up off the avenue, move a pound and boost your avenue
Move uptown and overlook the view, move around and get from one to two
Make a wrong move in the game you loose
I stand up and I refuse to move, substance weh mi know mi nah go use, metric measurement mi nah go choose
Moving on and still you need a clue, Car keys are the only keys wi' move
Moving on in . . . Lawd!
Exodus . . . Movement of Jah people
Boom!
Music business as usual, mi spliff and Guiness as usual Royal and muffin as usual, highgrade we puffin' as usual
Fight down the system as usual, the system fight we down as usual, the cops dem a watch we as usual
And a we a watch the cops as usual, no strap would be unusual, roll wid it inna we lap as usual
Always ready fi clap as usual
Rastaman deh pon top as usual, standard never drop as usual
Man-a' cream of the crop as usual
Run right 'round the clock as usual, movements non-stop as usual
Exodus . . . Movement of Jah people
Exodus2Embed