Thank You (Dedication to Fans...) Lyrics
I feel like I've been locked up
Oh, oh, oh
My body's sayin' 'let's go'
Oh, oh, oh
C'mon, c'mon
Oh, oh, oh
Baby, baby, baby (baby, baby, baby)
Oh, oh, oh
(I grant you three wishes 'cause I'll be the genie)
Christina Aguilera
Oh, oh, oh

It seems like a lifetime
Since I felt like a prisoner of my dreams, yeah
It took such a long time
For me to realize just how to be
And to listen to me

Don't go thinking I'm not thankful
'Cause me, I've got my hands full of good things, ooh
And I hope I can give back a little bit of what you've given me
I absolutely love your music
You inspire me to keep on living
(So what you gotta say?)
So thank you for standing right by me (I will always love you)
So thank you for being behind me (you are just so amazing)
And watching me grow and lettin' others know
That you still believe in what I'll be

(Hey Christina, this is Samantha Silvers)
My name is Mike Holeman. My name is Shikara Franklin. My name is Gustavo Medina. My name is Sarah Moore. Cammy Simpson. My name is Cory Seal. My name's  Jessica Cavanaugh .I just wanted to let you know that you are truly one of the best artist's that I've ever come across. You've taught me to not care about what other people think. You deeply affected me and helped me to deal with and overcome some incidents from my past that I was never able to fix before. Tu musica me ha inspirado a ser mas fuerte. My name is Carlos Valenzuela. There was a time in my life when I wanted to commit suicide. Your music, uh, helped me get through the rough times. On the Stripped album, my favorite song is 'Walk Away'. It helped me get over a lot stuff with my ex-boyfriend. Your music is so inspiring. I was employed in Iraq during the war. I was 82nd airborne division and your voice is just so inspiring and so moving
It kept a lot of us going. Keep inspiring people, 'cause you're doing a great job. This is Shane Burrows you're a classy honest woman, both naughty and nice. Ravishing, seductive and sexy. Christina, thank you so much, please never stop. Ha

Some people have said things in times
About me that weren't always true
Ooh, yeah
But you've always been there
To give that extra love to pull me through
To do what I gotta do

'Cause there'll always be those ups and downs
But you always seemed to stick around
And see me through to believe, yeah
And I hope I can keep back
A little bit of what you've given me
Ya give me all that I need, yeah
So thank you for standing right by me (I thank you for everything)
So thank you for being behind me (thank you Christina)
And watching me grow and lettin' others know
That you still believe in what I'll be
(Sing it, girl)

It took a while 'till I could do what I wanted
And now I'm so happy that I started where I started
I'm thankin' God that I can be in a position
To do my own thing now and make my own decisions
And so I'm thanking you for being true
And standin' by me through and through

Christina, I just want to tell you you have truly brightened my life. Thank you so much. My name is Warren Gregory Keller. Your music has shown me that life isn't all about judging people or being judged. This is Shauna Wile. Thank you Christina for everything you've done for me and all your fans. Christina, I love you girl, rock on. My name is Durant Thirsty. Christina, I'm inspired every time I hear your voice. Every note I've heard you sing. Every lyric you've written. The way you command the stage. You are a true artist
My name is Antoinette. It's so very hard to find a woman my same age with your strength and being so strong and able to stand on your two feet. Um, no matter what, thank you for being my motivation in that way. My name is John I'm a huge, huge fan
And I cannot wait to see what is coming next1Embed