Tracy Lyrics
Will: We gotta, we gotta do something about this
Stuart: When do you think you could make it over here? How long?
Will: I could try and get there, about 25 minutes maybe
Stuart: Right
Will: I'll try
Stuart: Okay
Will: But we got to sort this out
Stuart: Okay. I'm just gonna go, I'm going to head off just now and just try to speak to some people about this
Will: Well, we've got to do something
Stuart: Yeah
Will: Cause if we don't take care of this then...I don't even want to think about it

Colin: Hello
Martin: Hi, Colin
Colin: Hi, umm...
Martin: It's Martin
Colin: Hi Martin
Martin: I'm sorry to bother you
Colin: Fine
Martin: But we've got a bit of a sketch going on here
Colin: What? What?
Martin: Well, it's pretty hard to explain
Colin: So tell us. What?
Martin: Right. We were down at Vic's and Stuart and Dominic got into a bit of a row
Colin: Hmm hmm
Martin: And Stuart was getting a bit stroppy with Dominic and it ended up with Dominic punching Stuart and walking out--
Colin: Hmm hmm
Martin: --Saying he's not coming back. Stuart's saying that he's out and stuff like that
Colin: Right
Martin: Stuart's away as well
Colin: Where's Stuart away to?
Martin: He just phoned his dad and left
Colin: And is John still there?
Martin: No he went away with Stuart for some reason. To try and calm him down or something. It was a full bloody sketch man. I don't know what to do. We've this thing on Tuesday
Colin: Right. Kind of limited to what I can do, right?
Martin: Yeah, but me and Paul are here, totally. We don't know what to do, man. Me and Paul are sitting here and we don't know what to do
Colin: Carry on mixing
Martin: Yeah?
Colin: This sort of stuff happened before, you know
Martin: It's pretty bad
Colin: It's just a fucking sketch
Martin: It's pretty bad
Colin: Erm, right, well, if you could give Stuart a phone. Erm, we can sort something out, we'll just work around
Martin: We'll find out what it's about. I think Dominic's just gone to get wasted
Colin: Uh huh
Martin: Yeah, but I don't know where he went, he just left, just went in the car and went
Colin: Okay, well, I'll speak to Stuart, but then I'll get him to phone Dominic
Martin: Right, okay, Fine, right. Colin, well, sorry you got down with this tonight
Colin: Fine, I'll soon phone you back
Martin: Okay, no problem
Colin: See you's
Martin: Right
Colin: Bye, later
Martin: ByeEmbed