SS San Francisco Lyrics
Wha-wha-wha what if I?
If I don't want to stay in here?
If I don't wanna pray in here?
What if I ain't doing it?
Wha-wha, but what if though?
If I ain't really fit like that?
If I won't wear some shit like that?
No no no no no
But what I know
(We ain't supposed to be there, we ain't supposed to live in it)
I can't take it anymore
(It ain't supposed to be this way, it ain't supposed to be this way)
Not anymore
No no no no no
We won't last
(We ain't supposed to be there, we ain't supposed to live in it)
Don't be sad
(It ain't supposed to be this way, it ain't supposed to be this way)
Don't be mad
You made the bed for yourself, so sad
Can't protect yourself
Don't be mad
You'll go mad
(We ain't supposed to be there, we ain't supposed to live in it)
You'll go mad
Don't be mad
Stone, hard to move 'em, wrong, hard to prove 'em
On the crater on the moon, watchin' home movies
Will they change the time up? Will they 4:42 it?
I can't eat no ground stuff, I like to toaster strudel' it
They ain't got no gravity, I'm floatin in some coochie
Reason for insanity, I ain't got one to use it
Know my body mad at me because it's goin' through it
Scared to have some kids because the world be goin' through it

I ain't goin' through that, you can't just force me through it, shit
Nah, I ain't gon' do it, nah, I ain't gon' do it
Got kin buried in the dirt
And we just gon' uproot and deuces?
They say it come in all shape and sizes, they can make it just for you kid
They tried to show me the floor plans, say it matter how big your bed is
Say, "You choose a twin and you can put a little studio where that shit is"
Twenty bands in incentives
And that just go depending on how much your rent is, shit
I don't think they get it
Hold up, I ain't finished
Auntie say she can go for four years and come back just breaded
Said they're payin' folks to keep it clean and everyone fed, shit
Oh, you gon' wait on some Bruce Wayne-ass nigga, on some Alfred shit?
Nah, more like Geoffrey Butler, haven't you see Fresh Prince kid?
I don't think she get it, she just too hardheaded, shit
There ain't no difference 'cept, you just workin' for niggas, but
Plus you gon' get vetted and, prolly check your credit, so
Prolly just forget get it but, plus your ass is trippin'
But what I know
Is I can't take it anymore
Not anymore
No no no no no4Embed