Square Four Lyrics(Intro)
???
(00:23. Song 1)
Science is mouthwash
Science is for the birds
Science is sewage
Science is more than words
Science is baseball
Science is love
Science is all of the above
Some people and their kids like to talk with their anus
Their ?????? and operations were painless
I can’t see where they’re coming from with night-vision goggles
The kind of blind ignorance that boggles the mind
And I’m for sure not feeling them because they’re so dull
And pointless sexual deviance and joints this flexible
Don’t go together like acids and bases
Even without the thick glasses and brasses
Everyone can join a scientific community
The sound of silence if it’s in unity
Can be just as deafening as an experience
So keep your mouth closed and think of it as an experiment
Try to avoid using words like “intelligent”
“Original” or “scientific” cause they are irrelevant
If you don’t submit the proof to reinforce
You’ll have to settle for a dean of course
Science is fashion
Science is spaceships
Science is fiction
Science is relationships
Science is sunsets
Science is love
Science is all of the above
Give me all you got and I’ll ask for more again
The furthest part from the origin is the origin
Birth and death is passage through the same portal
Hope condoling for the immortal soul
Revolving doors four revolving cores in essences
Relaying messages and teaching lessons
I’m here to draw the curtains and to give directions
Offer a few choices and make a few selections of my own
This game is such a gas
That kid wears a T-shirt that says “a touch of class”
Running around with a mic in his hand
Money to spend and is liked by the fans
Praises the Almighty and plays by rules
But his dog-shit ???? was raised by wolves
And even though he comes from a different income-group
It’s not hard to tell that he’s a nincompoop
Science is Fine Art
Science is Reckless
Science is sickness
Science is breakfast
Science is nothing
Science is love
Science is all of the above
(03:17. Instrumental)
(05:12. Song 2 - "The Food Song")
Mmmm...
Food it puts me in a good mood it keeps me goin'
When under strains ain't nothin worse than hunger pains
Right there. Start with light fair if need be snacks with an x
Whatever just feed me some food
Food it puts me in a good mood it keeps me goin'
When under strains ain't nothin worse than hunger pains
Right there. start with light fair if need be snacks with an x
Whatever just feed me
I'm hungry and i'm itchin to get in the kitchen
So let me consider what's in the refrigerator
For some ingredients needed good eggs wheat and flour
For something salty or maybe sweet and sour
Let me fill my dishes with delicious fish and brown rice
Sounds nice but i can't argue with barbecue
Unforgettable edibles fresh fruits and vegetable
A tomato tornado a plate of mashed potatoes
I'm droolin for tabooli salad lentils and chick peas
I'm ready for spaghetti and cold cuts with brick cheese
I can't say no to risotto i'm lost in dreams cobbler after i eat
Lobster alone with a couple of pieces of cheese pizza, maybe
I can manage to do some damage to a sandwich, marshmallows
Peanut butter and bananas and a big p of deserts like
Pumpkin pies and boston creams. i gobble a peachlate of gnocci from lucky
With pita bread. feed me a fajita or else a burrito 'stead i'll tell you
'bout the merits of carrots my knowledge of scallops and my advice
On brown rice. for the right price you can begin to dig in to more than balogna and finish your bowl of minestrone, please make cheese cake everybody wants a lot of avocado, and a chicken or gelatto watch me wolf down a full pound minimum of chocolate cookies and rice pudding with cinnamon. i'm starving for fried calimari with seaweed trying to save room for strawberries and kiwi's to satisfy it'll take more than a little plate of french fries, falafes, waffels and griddle cakes. all this might be enough but i'm doubtful, so i'm gonna savour the flavour of every mouthful of
Food, it puts me in a good mood it keeps me going, when under strains ain't nothing worse than hunger pains right there start with light fair if need be snacks with an x, whatever just feed me some food
Food, it puts me in a good mood it keeps me going, when under strains ain't nothing worse than hunger pains right there start with light fair if need be snacks with an x, whatever just feed me some food
(08:47. Song 3)
???
(11:20. Instrumental)Embed