Happy Days Toy Town LyricsAnd so Stan, walked towards the cave, and in his mind, "mark me word, Mad John." Deep thoucus on this, all a tremblode, looking into the dark, and peering into the backgrove of black in there, and then appeared, Mad John. In fine fine foldy silken robes, all whitely hair, scintilating beard and dangly, well the beard must have been 24 years old, to grow it and grow it, all night lode, what! And he was glowing, with a friendly light, oh dear, joy, and a voice full of the Cockney Cockney Cockney, all joy of life and living, eminate from the cockload of his heartstrings
"Called to see you man ha, what's been your hang-up man hu, I waiting seven whole days for ya. Not still worried about this scintilating moon and dangly, huh, hu?"
Stan: "Ye, ye, yes, that's why I sortning you out here, tripply tripply out on the back of this fly who told me, huh." And John, linked arms with him, and walking out steppa by steppa, and he pointed with a Cockney forefingold, there, up in the heavenly bode, what! Stan realized, now, which it struck him like a smacker o' blueidy, which coming out ffst turn you never thoucus before. As the sun rise in the early morny, so the recall of the moon in the eve, ah, and he thought
Now, the fly had something extra special you thoucus to say to me, if you hold. And John, looked happy, and attracting his earnestly of his eyebolds, straight nose to nose and eye to eye, hold for it, of course, I nearly forgot it, just you listen
Life is just a bowl of All-Bran
You wake up every morning and it's there
So live as only you can
It's all about enjoy it cause ever since you saw it
There ain't no one can take it away
So life is just a bowl of All-Bran - very true!
What you say has made it very clear
To be sure I'll live as best as I can
But how can I remember to keep it all together
When half the moon is taken away?
Well, I've got the very thing
If you can laugh and sing
Give me those happy days toytown newspaper smiles
Clap twice, lean back, twist for a while
When you're untogether and feeling out of tune
Sing this special song with me, don't worry 'bout the moon
Looks after itself
Steve: Can I have a go?
Ron: Yes
Steve: Yeah?
Ron: Sing now:
Give me those happy days toytown newspaper smile
Clap twice, lean back, twist for a while
Well now you've got the hang of it
There's nothing you can't do with it
If you're very tuned to it you can't go wrong
All together!
Give me those happy days toytown newspaper smile
Clap twice, lean back, twist for a while
Well now we've got the hang of it
There's nothing we can't do with it
And now we're very into it we can't go wrong!
"So remember, the very special words: Happy day long toylytown newspaper reading chuckly smile-oad. They all have a lovely turn. Gnomespain, Huckelberry fickel tickel my fingold, huh, boy blue left his horn stuffin under the settee and brought his melotrone, and freaked them all out. Oh what a mindblast. Jacky Jill, knees up Mother Brodie. Oh what a joy of a trickley howathere. I hope you'll turn out three quarters half as lovely won't you wouldn't half and enjoy it. Study cool won't ya."
Give me those happy days toytown newspaper smile
Clap twice, lean back, twist for a while
Well now we've got the hang of it
There's nothing we can't do with it
And now we're very into it we can't go wrong!Embed