Rag and Bone LyricsJack: Mmm...
Meg: Rag and bone!
Jack: Rag and bone!
Meg: Rag and bone!
Jack: Rag-a bone! Meg, look at this place
Meg: What? Ooh...
Jack: Well, this place is like a mansion. It's like a mansion, look at all this stuff
Meg: I don't know...
Jack: Look, I see something over there
Meg: Ooh...
Jack: Man
Well
Can't you hear us yelling "rag and bone"?
Bring out your junk
And we'll give it a home
A broken trumpet
Or a telephone
A c'mon, a c'mon, a c'mon
C'mon and give it to me
Yeah
A c'mon, a c'mon, a c'mon
C'mon and give it to me
Rag and bone, rag and bone
A c'mon, a c'mon, a c'mon
C'mon and give it to me
All of your pretty, your pretty little rags and bones
Jack: Well, man, look at all this, you don't want it?
Meg: Mmm. Ooh. I can use that
Jack: You sure you don't want it, man? I can use...
Meg: Mmm-hmm
Jack: Take it. It's just things that you don't want I can use 'em. Meg can use 'em
Meg: Mmm-hmm
Jack: We can do something with 'em. We'll make something out of 'em
Meg: Mmm-hmm
Jack: Make some money out of 'em at least
Meg: Mmm-hmm. This fits me perfect. Give it to me
Jack: Hey, if you ain't gonna use it, just give it to us. We'll give it a home
Well
Have you got something shiny for me?
Anybody got a Christmas tree?
Can you part with a toilet seat?
A jump up, a jump up, a jump up
C'mon and give it to me
Rag and bone
We wanna get it granny
While it's hot
You think it's trash granny
But it's not
A we'll be taking
Whatever you got
A give up, a give up, a give up
Come on and give it to me
Whoo!
All of your pretty, your pretty little rags and bones
Meg: I saw some stuff in your yard, are you going to give it to us...
Jack: Aw, Meg, don't be rude
Meg: ...or not?
Jack: They might need it. If you don't want it, we'll take it. If you don't want to give it to us, we keep walking by. We keep going, we're not tired, but got plenty of places to go, lots of home we ain't been to yet. On the west side, the southwest side, Middle East, rich house, dog house, outhouse, old folks house. House for unwed mothers, halfway homes, catacombs, twilight zones. Looking for Technics turntables to gramophones. So take a last lick of your ice cream cone, and lock up what you still want to own. But please be kind...
Meg: Take your time
Jack: ...and don't rewind
Meg: That's fine
All of your pretty
Your pretty little rags and bones
Yeah!
Your pretty little rags and bones
A jump up, a jump up, a jump up
C'mon and give it to me
Ah, ah, oh, your pretty little rags and bones
A c'mon, a c'mon, a c'mon
C'mon and give it to us
Yeah, 'eah, 'eah
Ah, yeah
Yeah! Yeah!
Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah!3Embed