Dream Team LyricsRed Black Green, Red Gold Green
Dat's all we know
We dream a dream team

The other day a friend gave me a call
He said that the dream team was playin basketball
I was so excited that I hadda get a Witness
The first time the NBA was in the 'lympics
I tuned in because I was hella psyched
To see Magic Johnson on the same team as Mike
Gettin crazy and havin lots of fun
But makin sure that they got the job done
See the fans were wavin the red white end blue
It seemed strange to me, was it strange to you?
Brotha's on the street and everyone is scared a ya
So how could ten Africans represent America?
Bullshit
It didn't mean a thing
Cause in the same year we saw Rodney King
So I thought that I would put a team together
A team that I have been waitin for forever
Some a you may know exactly what I mean
But if you don't then lemme introduce to you
MY DREAM TEAM!
THIS IS MY DREAM TEAM, MY DREAM TEAM
MY DREAM TEAM, MY DREAM TEAM
Red Black Green, Red Gold Green
Dat's all we know
We dream a dream team
Verse 2
Well Chuck D'sannouncin' and flava flav is doin' color
And Halftime enterntainment is by Dre and Ed Lover
Malcolm X is the coach he's drawin' up the strategy
He's choppin up alla America's anatomy
Cause they're the ones we're up against of course
Are general manager is Chief Crazy Horse
And Huey Newton cause he was extra hard
He's the one who would be playin at the shootin' guard
I dreamed Charles Barkley would be [layed by Marcus Garvey
He'd be throwin people off his back and makin Sure they never got a rebound rebound
He'd throw it to the outlet, Nat Turner
Cause he can turn the corner when
He's out there
He be flyin through the air
Throwin passes like he really doesn't care
Behind the back and inbetween the legs
He's handlin the rock just as gently as an egg
He's throwin it in to Angela Davis's neighborhood
She's postin up down in the extra hard wood
She grabs the pill and then she puts her shoulder down
Get out the way cause she's gonna throw down now
Boom oh my god! I just can't believe it
Get anotha backboard or bettah yet leave it
We always play for fun
But we always play for keeps
The game is over and the loser's gotta sweep...
Up the glass
That we busted in the ass
Set the record straight now
About America's past
THIS IS MY DREAM TEAM
"SPEARHEAD IN THE AREA!"

DREAM TEAM'S IN THE HOUSE
DREAM TEAM'S IN THE HOUSE
Verse 3
Well after doin that we be headin for the ceremony
Hand on the heart is a bunch of baloney
The spirit of the '68 olympics
Black power people can I get a witness
Fist in the air this is proper manner
While Jimi Hendrix is fuckin' up the spangled banner
Up into the sky Miles Davis blows a horn
Look into the bleachers it's Bill Clinton sellin popcorn
So now we jump! and we have a celebration!
Shaquille 0'neal would provide the entertainment
To some of you this is a far fetched scheme
But to me... I'll tell you what it is...
This is my Dream Team...
"spearhead in the area"

Yeah Sista Rosa Perks she gets the first seat
On the bench!
And Dr. King, webring him in in a pinch
Because I like to shoot hoops not brothas!
Beceuse I like to shoot hoops not brothas!
Because I like to shoot hoops not brothas!
Because I like to shoot hoops not brothas!1Embed