Positive Lyrics
Makes me, make me sweat, 'till I'm wet, 'till I'm dry
But then wipe this tear from my eye
Haven't even felt this warm in a long time
Even out in the bright sunshine in a lifetime of spring times
I fall into your arms with my heart pumpin' on like a bubblin' dub track
Like a garlicky hot tongue and lip smack
I did some contemplation
Before we got down to this consecration
Well maybe baby something in your kiss said it was impetuous
For me to rethink this
If I love you, then I better get tested
Make sure we are protected
I  walk through the park dressed like a question mark
Hark! I hear my memory bark
In the back of my brain
Makin' me insane, like cocaine

But how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
But how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
But how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
But how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
It dawned on me, it seemed to me that this is unusual scenery
This red light greenery
Make me feel kinda dreamery
Thinkin' how I used to be
Arrive at the clinic
And walk through the front door
Take a nervous number then I think about it more
About all the time that I neglected
Making sure that I was protected
They took my blood with an anonymous number
Two weeks waitin' and wonderin'
I shoulda done this a long time ago
A lot of excuses why I couldn't go
I know these things and these things I must know
But it's better to know than to not know

But how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
But how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
But how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
But how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?

I go home to kick it in my apartment
I try to give myself a risk assessment
The waiting is what can really annoy ya
Every single day is more paranoia
I'm readin' about how AIDS gets transmitted
Some behavior I must admit it
Who I slept with, who they slept with
Who they, who they, who they, who they slept with
I think about life and immortality
What's the first thing I do if I'm H.I.V?
I have a cry and tell my mother
Get on the phone and call my past lovers
I never thought about infectin' another
All the times that I said "Hmmm? Don't bother."
Was it really all that magic?
The times I didn't use a prophylactic
Would my whole life have to change?
Or would my whole life remain the same?
Sometimes it makes me wanna shout
All these things too hard to think about
A day to laugh, a day to cry
A day to live and a day to die
'Till I find out, I may wonder
But I'm not gonna live my life six feet under
Cause how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
And how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
And how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
And how'm I gonna live my life if I'm positive?Embed