VX Gas Attack LyricsWelcome to the morning news. In its long and deadly war with Iraq, Iran has repeatedly sought international condemnation of Baghdad's alleged use of chemical weapons. The Iranians had a grisly opportunity to make their case
A city in eastern Iraq, recently occupied by Iranian forces, after a brief and bloody siege, according to Iran, the Iraqis bombed the city with chemical weapons. After the defeat the Iranians said the attack killed more than four thousand civilians. Welcome to the VX gas attack
At ground zero
Pro-independence
Heavier than air fumes
City with chemical
Alleged cyanide gas
On to Karbala
Or Karbala
On to Karbala
Never remember the hundreds of possible thousands of victims of one of the worst chemical warfare attacks since World War I
What is the difference between Israel's plight?
A belief in outside influence
Outside influence
We have the technology to produce chemical weapons. We will not remain idle forever
We have the technology to produce chemical weapons. We will not remain idle forever

So efficient
Like scalding water
A side effect of
Their faces and lungs burn
A sudden harsh smell
Two weeks after still
Coughing, choking
Livid skin blisters
Burn often
They can understand the government's message. In a shop in a working class district one day last week one man demonstrated the idea of a chemical warfare protector by putting a plastic shopping bag over his head
Posters, leaflets
Nightly radio and television programmes
Dead instructions in the use
Of such basic devices
As a damp towel
Lined with charcoal
To be applied to the face and mouth
When the "beep, beep, beep" gas attack
Warning signal sounds
We're analyzing water, soil, and human tissue samples to get clearer information about the gas attack. Meanwhile, doctors monitor bone marrow damage
Dead were among
Porcelain face
Cloud of frozen gas poison
Jagged fragment
Meanwhile back on the west bank, we are frightened, so frightened, revere the red, green, white, black colors of the flag tied to the mosque in the . We have cause to be enraptured turns irrational thunder  reacts to it very stiffly his body is 
What's the difference in religious suffering
Palestine jew Iranian Iraqi bombs sun
The first of the cyanide gas warning
A last of the cyanide attack gas warning
...says someone came in a car with an Uzi and killed his friend in a grave down the crossroads by the mosque. The friend of the dead man promises he will never forgetEmbed