Comedy Lyrics
The world is changing
The planet's heating up
What the fuck is going on? (Recorded laughter)
Rearranging
It's like everything happened all at once
Um, what the fuck is going on? (Recorded laughter)
The people rising in the streets
The war, the drought
The more I look, the more I see nothing to joke about
Is comedy over?
Should I leave you alone?
'Cause, really, who's gonna go for joking at a time like this?
Should I be joking at a time like this?

I wanna help to leave this world better than I found it
And I fear that comedy won't help, and the fear is not unfounded
Should I stop trying to be funny?
Should I give away my money? No
What do I do?

Healing the world with comedy
The indescribable power of your comedy
The world needs direction
From a white guy like me (Bingo)
Who is healing the world with comedy
That's it
The world is so fucked up. Systematic oppression, income inequality, the other stuff... And there's only one thing that I can do about it. While— While being paid and being the center of attention

Healing the world with comedy
Making a literal difference, metaphorically
A Jew walks into a bar, and I've saved him a seat
That's healing the world with comedy

I'm a special kind of white guy
I self-reflected, and I want to be an agent of change
So I am gonna use my privilege for the good (Very cool, way to go!)
American white guys
We've had the floor for at least 400 years
So maybe I should just shut the fuck up...
I'm bored
I don't wanna do that
There's got to be another way (Yes)
For me to help out without standing on the sidelines (Never!)
The wait is over
I'm white, and I'm here to save the day
Lord, help me channel Sandra Bullock in The Blind Side (Sandra Bullock!)

Healing the world with comedy
Making a literal difference, metaphorically
And yes, most likely, they'll pay me, but I'd do it for free
I am healing the world with comedy
If you wake up in a house that's full of smoke
Don't panic
Call me and I'll tell you a joke
If you see white men dressed in white cloaks
Don't panic—call me and I'll tell you a joke
Oh, shit
Should I be joking at a time like this?
If you start to smell burning toast
You're having a stroke
Or overcooking your toast
If you wake up in a house that's full of smoke
Don't panic—call me and I'll tell you a joke
If you see white men dressed in white cloaks
Don't panic—call me and I'll tell you a joke
Oh, shit
Should I be joking at a time like this?
Somebody help me out 'cause I don't know

And I want to help to leave this world better than I found it
And I fear that comedy won't help, and the fear is not unfounded
Should I stop trying to be funny?
Should I give away my money? No!
I know what I gotta do
Healing the world with comedy
Making a literal difference, metaphorically
I swore I'd never be back, and now, I'm back on my feet
And I'm healing the world with comedy8Embed