How the World Works Lyrics
Hey, kids
Today, we're gonna learn about the world

The world that's around us is pretty amazing
But how does it work? It must be comp-l-icated
The secret is: The world can only work
When everything works together
A bee drinks from a flower and leaves with its pollen
A squirrel in a tree spreads the seeds that have fallen
Everything works together

The biggest elephant, the littlest fly
The gophers underground, the birds in the sky
And every single cricket, every fish in the sea
Gives what they can and gets what they need

That is how the world works
That is how the world works
From "A" to "zebra" to the worms in the dirt
That's how it works

Hey, everyone, look who stopped by to say hello! It's Socko!
Hey!
Where you been, Socko?
I've been where I always am when you're not wearing me on your hand: in a frightening, liminal space between states of being! Not quite dead, not quite alive! It's similar to a constant state of sleep paralysis
Socko, we were just talking about the world and how it works
Boy, that sounds complicated!
Do you have anything you'd want to teach us about the world?
I wouldn't say anything that you probably haven't already said yourself
I don't know about that, Socko. How about you give it a try?
All right!
The simple narrative taught in every history class
Is demonstrably false and pedagogically classist
Don't you know? The world is built with blood!
And genocide! And exploitation!
The global network of capital essentially functions
To separate the worker from the means of production
And the FBI killed Martin Luther King

Private property's inherently theft
And neoliberal fascists are destroying the left
And every politician, every cop on the street
Protects the interests of the pedophilic corporate elite

That is how the world works (Really?)
That is how the world works
Genocide the Natives, say you got to it first
That's how it works

That's pretty intense
No shit!
What can I do to help?
Read a book or something, I don't know. Just don't burden me with the responsibility of educating you. It's incredibly exhausting!
I'm sorry, Socko. I was just trying to become a better person
Why do you rich fucking white people insist on seeing every socio-political conflict through the myopic lens of your own self-actualization? This isn't about you! So either get with it or get out of the fucking way!
Watch your mouth, buddy. Remember who's on whose hand here
But that's what I've— Have you not been fucking listening? We are entrenched in—
Alright! Alright! I... Wait, wait, wait! No, please! I don't wanna go back, please! I can't go— I can't go back! Please! Please. I'm sorry
Are you gonna behave yourself?
Yes
"Yes," what?
Yes, sir
Look at me
Yes, sir
That's better
That is how the world works
That is how the world works
I hope you learned your lesson! (I did, and it hurt!)
That's how it works

No!12Embed