Sunset Strip Lyrics
*Billy plays with Great Uncle David's Great Dane*
"...bull heads, three red snapper, one pink snapper and your Pacific coastal trench hosemonster fish"
"Oh! At Sky Daniel's juke joint of joy reports, forty under the console giggle stick ling cod, 23 purple perches, four sledgehammerhead sharks, and what a surprise, 84 crabs, and no red snappers!"
"Hey, and that'll do for the triumphant return of the fish report with a beat!"
 We think of it as Main Street, but to the rest of the country it's Sunset Strip. You're listening to KAOS in Los Angeles!

I like staying with my Uncle Dave
And I like playing with his Great Dane
But I don't fit; I feel alien and strange
Kinda out of range
I like riding in my Uncle's car
Down to the beach where the pretty girls all parade
And movie stars and paparazzi play
The Charles Atlas kicking sand in the face game

And I sit in the canyon with my back to the sea
There's a blood red dragon on a field of green
Calling me back, back to the Black Hills again

Ooh-ooh, Billy come home

Billy is searching for his native land
Flicking through the stations with the dial in his head
Picking up *Signal Voice*
And a male voice choir on the short wave band
Billy taps out Jim's number on the phone
He sits shaking as he waits for Jim's answering tone
Come on my friend, speak to me please
The land of my fathers is calling to me
And I sit in the canyon with my back to the sea
There's a blood red dragon on a field of green
Calling me back, back to the Black Hills again

Ooh-ooh, Billy come home
Come on home

He sits in the canyon with his back to the sea
Sees a blood red dragon on a field of green
He hears a male voice choir singing

Billy come home
Yeah, Billy come home
Come on home

(I don't like fish)
(Green fish)
(I don't like fish)

 You are listening to KAOS here in Los Angeles
 I don't like fish
 Yes, we've established that, uh, do you have a request?
("Shellfish, Guppy, Salmon, Shrimp and crab and lobster, Flounder")
"I hate fish, but I think most of all I hate fresh fish, like trout. I hate fresh trout. My least-hated, favorite fish would be sole. That way you don't have to see the eyes. Sole has no eyes
 Oh no! *Laughs* Thank you!
I'd like to be home with my monkey and my dog
I'd like to be home with my monkey and my dog
I'd like to be home with my monkey and my dog
I'd like to be home with my monkey and my dog
I'd like to be home with my monkey-
 I don't care, shut up! Play the record!2Embed