Thanx LyricsAlright, before we get it started:
When we did, "Smoke Two Joints", that was jacked from the Toyes
And that song, "Rivers of Babylon" was written by B. Dowe and F. McNaughton.
Alright now, crucial thanks out to the Happoldt, Nowell, and Wilson families for their patience and support. We love y'all! To all the players who made this possible: thank you very much! (Yeah, the check's in the mail.) To Kelly Vargas for steppin' in there and makin' it happen. To LBP, the world famous Juice Bros, the Field-Marshall Goodman and the man called Floyd-I. Thanks out to Bad Religion; the Descendents; George Hurley; and Mike Watt. To all those flops, but only when they ain't hangin' out; to Toby dog-(whistles)-to Louie dog, to Matt dog. James Brown; the BSM, to Miles Davis; To Ken the All Night Rocker; to South Side Pat and Cathrene --- whazzup dude?! and, alright, now best wishes out to Ino and Shelly, and their baby on the way.
Hey, up to Jimi Hendrix to Beer; to Sonic Lizard; the Rapeman; how about Bob Marley, Bob Dobbs, and Bob Forrest; to all those punker sluts; to Eek-a-Mouse; Tom for lettin' us practice; and Crass; chilling, and partying all night; Peni; Fugazi; Rhino '59, Reek One; the Last Pariahs; and Naomi's Hair. How about the Butthole Surfers, and Frank Zappa? ANB, Big Drill Car; Bert Suzanka and all the Ziggens' around the world; to Jack the Third; to Julia Parker.
Hey, Jeff the King, where's my mic stands? Martini with his 40oz in hand. To Jai Dodds, and his son Christian. I gotta say thank you to Scum; Hard as Smoke and Cheap as Wood; to Scumette; and the Vandals. How about H.R. for 'nuff inspiration, 'nuff respect? Hey, Nik "Tweak"; Joanne; and Carolyn. Hey, I gotta say whazzup to fuckin' Snow, and Bam-Bam and all the East Side Stoners. St. Tucko; Shawn Stern; the Kenji Easley Project; Steve Zepeda; and Richard Greco and everyone down at Bogart's. Thanks a million. I gotta say what's up and thank you to Dave Shea and Greg A. Without them, this wouldn't be possible. (Oh yeah, your mom called and said you guys should take a nap!) To Sacramento; BMD; and Danny Lovitz out in Arcata. I gotta say thank you to Diet Fade; Imagining Yellow Suns; every one out at Ben is Dead; Kevin Swinson; Frija; Cold Duke Train; and Wister; and how could I not thank Mark Mandoo, and the One Live Crew; and all the Lakewood posse? Mr. Capoo; and the Antioch posse, especially the Johnson family --- whazzup, Ms. J.?
I gotta say whazzup to Dirty Al; Jennifer Henry, and Kelly, too, out in San Fransico; Lisa Johnson in Austin; Tonto; Jimmy Carl Black; Mercado Caribe in Austin. Thanks a lot, Lee, for gettin' us in out of the heat! Jimmy's in New Orleans; the Hardback in Gainsville, Florida; Mark Goodnight for his psycho pad -- alright, we stayed at this guy's house, and when they had them murders back in, like, '89, a guy and a girl got hacked up in his pad and we stayed there, but, ya know, it was great! --; to Jack Tripper (even though he don't know a goddamn thing about Orlando!); to Ingrid in Arcata; Rusty; Bermuda Pete; and Sara; Shannon Boyle; to the Spacefish (sorry guys, maybe next time); NKOTB in Costa Mesa; the OK Hotel in Seattle; to Joel, for gettin' us that shit at Waves. (We needed that, man. Thanks, bro!) To Ninja Man; Tam; D'arby Crash; D. Boon; Alex and Eka (come visit, goddamn it!); Grin; Craig Caskey; Dave Kornblum; Beth Larson; to everyone at the Church of Rock and Roll
We gotta say whazzup to Cori and her best friend Georgie; the Meat Puppets; Tar Babies; Kate and Frank out at Zed's; Scott down at Ten Ton; every one down there at Deja, thanks; CMJ enterprises; Molly Cantrell; Courtney Beat-mon; the Mecca Parks and Recreations Department --- fuck Twentynine Palms! ---; hey Lisa G., what up, punk? To Kimmy, for "Scarlet" Inspirations; to Bus Face; to Soup-lime; and the Mentors.
We gotta say thank you to the entire hip-hop community, especially the man they call Just ICE; Kris Parker, more commonly known as KRS-One, for 'nuff inspiration; D-Nice; Queen Latifah; Shelly Thunder; the motherfucking trigger-happy Geto Boys and Public Enemy Number 1; NWA, and the man they call Ice Cube and the goddamn Lench Mob. Don't let me forget Cypress Hill and the whole Southgate Posse - You guys are in the house.
Scott Cunningham, motherfucking Peace; Gina G.; that long-haired soundman dude; Prince Jammy and the Scientist, gwarn!!! Ini Kamoze; Tenor Saw; Super Cat; Major Mackerel, Daddy Tiger, Major Worries; Half-Pint; U-Roy; Daddy Lizard; and everyone on the Redman Superpowered, gwan; Shinehead and Shabba; the Beastie Boys; Maggie and Jules, and the Arlington Crew; Ranco Tires on Anaheim and Orange --- "Always the Lowest Prices!"---; and YOU! Peace and Unity, and we're out for now. I'll see ya!1Embed