Jump on Stage Lyrics
Uhh, I keep it playa while some choose to play it safe
Boy check the resume, it's risky business in the A (A)
And I've been witness to this history, ever since the 10th grade
We went from rockin braids to temp fades
I twist my A hat to the side just for style
Or throw on the Gucci bucket with the flowers super fly
Wow, the Southern pride been known to shut it down
It ain't so country though nigga, this ain't no Gomer Pyle
I'm Sergeant Slaughter, I keep my shit cooked to order in order
To satisfy my people in Georgia and cross the water
And, across the border the esse's are gettin smarter
They got flour for tortillas and lettuce for enchiladas
If you follow, wink wink, No Doubt we +Don't Speak+
In a blink them folks can have you sleepin in the clink
I'm shittin on niggas and peein on the seat
It's the nigga, the B-I-G B-O-I, O-U-T
Now party people in the club it's time to cut a rug
And throw the deuce up in the sky just for the shutterbuggs
I'm double fisted and you empty you can grab a cup
Boy stop, I'm just playin
Boy stop??

Now this goes out to all my playas in the back sippin' yack
Bendin' 'round corners in the 'lac
(We be clubbin')
Get up get up get up
(Do That shit, Do that shit, do it)

And this goes out to all my ladies in the front. What you want? You make me wanna breed. Girl freeze
(We be clubbin')

Get up get up get up
(Do that shit, do that shit, do it)

One, two, three, lets go!

I wish I was like six-foot-nine
So I could get with Leoshi
Cause she don't know me but yo she's really fine
You know I see her all the time
Everywhere I go, and even in my dreams
I can scheme of ways to make her mine

Cause I know she's livin phat
Her boyfriend's tall and he plays ball
So how am I gonna compete with that
'Cause when it comes to playing basketball
I'm always last to be picked
And in some cases never picked at all
So I just lean upon the wall
Or sit up in the bleachers with the rest of the girls
Who came to watch their men ball
Dag y'all! I never understood, black
Why the jocks get the fly girls
And me I get the hood rats
I tell 'em scat, skittle, skibobble
Got hit with a bottle
And put in the hospital, for talkin' that mess
I confess it's a shame when you livin' in a city
That's the size of a box and nobody knows yo' name
Glad I came to my senses
Like quick-quick got sick-sick to my stomach
Overcome with my thoughts of me and her together
Right?
So when I asked her out she said I wasn't her type
I wish I was little bit taller
I wish I was a baller
I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her
I wish I had a rabbit in a hat with a bat
And a six four Impala
I wish I was little bit taller
I wish I was a baller
I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her
I wish I had a rabbit in a hat with a bat
And a six four Impala

He's phony
She's fake
Thats the type of people I hate

Ya'll know the lyrics, come sing with me
Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge, bon voyage
Yeah, from the home of the Dodgers, Brooklyn squad
Wu-Tang Killerrr Bees on a swarm!
Rain on ya college ass, disco dorm!
When you didn't even touch my skill
You gotta have the one Killer Bee and he ain't gonna kill. Now
Chop that down, pass it all around!
Lyrics get hard, quick cement to the ground!
For any MC in any 52 states
I gets psycho killerrrr Norman Bates!
My producer slam, my flow is like bam!
Jump on stage, and then I dun-daaaah!
But Im a creep
(Ooh, baby, I like it raww...)
I'm a weirdo
(Yeah baby, I like it RAWWW!!!)
What the hell am I doing here
(Ooh, baby, I like it raww...)
I dont belong here
(Yeah baby, I like it RAWWW!!!)
Run, run run run

One time y'all
Throw your hands real high y'all
Yea, get down y'all
Let me see you, all y'all

Hennessy and trees, that's all I need
Back it up, don't stop
Hit the floor, make it drop
Rock the boat, rock the boat, rock the boat, rock the boat
Rock the boat, rock the boat, rock the boat, rock the boat
It goes left, right, left, right
Left, right, left, right, left, right, left, right
Ooh ooh baby come on you can wobble wit it
Ooh ooh baby come on you can hustle wit it
Do the Beattown Mo, get cocky wit it
Put ya hands in the air don't stop wit it
Ooh ooh baby come on you can wobble wit it
Ooh ooh baby come on you can hustle wit it
Do the Beattown Mo, get cocky wit it
Put ya hands in the air don't stop wit it

(Hey ladies!!)
This beat (hey)
This beat, this beat (c'mon)
This beat is sick
Lets have some fun
This beat is sick
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick
Hey
This beat (hey)
This beat, this beat (hey)
This beat is sick
Don't think too much just bust that dick
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick

Heyyyyyyy ladies in the place I'm callin' out to ya
There never was a city kid truer and bluer
There's more to me than you'll ever know
And I've got more hits than Sadaharu Oh
Tom Thumb, Tom Cushman or Tom Foolery
Date women on T.V. with the help of Chuck Woolery
Words are flowing out just like the Grand Canyon
And I'm always out looking for a female companion
I threw the lasso around the tallest one and dragged her to the crib
I took off her moccasins and put on my bib
I'm wheelin' and dealin' I make a little bit of stealing
I'll bring you back to the place and your dress I'm feeling
Your body's on time and your mind is appealing
Staring at the cracks up there upon the ceiling
Such and such be the bass that I'm throwing
Talking to a girl telling her I'm all knowing
She's talking to the kid
I'm telling here every lie that you know that I never didEmbed