Fill Her Up Lyrics
Mobile station where I stand
This old gas pump in my hand
The Boss don't like me, got a face like a weasel
All on my hands the smell of diesel
Here come a big shot
(Here he comes!)
From the city
(God Damn!)
V-8 engine, she runs so pretty
(Woo!)
"Fill 'er up son; unleaded
I need a full tank of gas where I'm headed!"
Up in the front seat, a pretty redhead
He says, "We're goin' to Vegas, we're goin' to get wed
So fill her up, son! Don't be staring!
Yeah that's a real diamond she be wearing"

I'm going to take my baby one day
(Yeah!)
I'm going to fill her up and head West
(That's it!)
I'm going to find some money alright
See those taillights heading West
I got no money to invest
I got no prospects, no education
I was lucky getting a job at this gas station
That old cash box (that old cash box)
On the top shelf (on the top shelf)
The boss is sleeping (boss is sleeping)
I'll just help myself
And let's consider this as just a loan
I can sort it out better on the phone

I'm going to pick my girl up tonight
I'm going to fill 'er up and head west
I'm going to show her all the bright lights
We're going to say we lived 'fore we come home

And as I head through the woods on the way back
The evening sun is slanting through the pine trees real pretty
It's like I walked into a glade of heaven
And there's music playing
This money is cold in my hand and voice somewhere is saying
"Why would you want to take that stolen thing?
And what real happiness can it bring?"
You're going to fill her up with sadness
You're going to fill her up with shame
You're going to fill her up with sorrow before she even takes your name
You're going to fill her up with madness
You're going to fill her up with pain
You're going to live with no tomorrow
You're going to fill her up with hate
You're going to fill her up with darkness
You're going to fill her up with night
You got ta fill her up with Jesus!
You gotta fill her up with light!
You gotta fill her up with spirit!
(You've gotta fill her up with faith)
You gotta fill her up with heaven!
(You've got the rest of life to face)
You've gotta fill her up the right way
(You've gotta fill her up with faith)
You've got ta fill her up with babies
(You've got ta fill her up and swear)
You're going to love that girl forever
(You gonna fill her up for life)
You gonna be a loving husband
(She gonna be a lovely wife)
You've got to fill her up with gladness
(You got to fill her up with joy!)
You got to fill her up with love
You got to fill her up with love
You got to fill her up with loveEmbed