Mr. Wiggles LyricsFrom the ocean comes a notion
That the real eyes lies in rhythm
And the rhythm of vision is a dancer
From the lookin' come the seeing
One with real eyes realize
The rhythm of vision is a dancer
And when he dance, it's always on the One
Going down you can see sounds of silence
Primal heartbeats could be seen with the naked eye (Ee-tiddley-tock, oh I'm the Jock and I'm back on the scene with my record machine sayin'
Oo-poppa-doo, how do y'all do?)
The one with real eyes realize that everything is on the One
That everything is on the One
I'm Mr. Wiggles the Worm, these are my ladies Giggle and Squirm
(I already told you once, Dr. Funkenstein I will never dance )
Three bionic idiots (Eat the worm!)
Your DJs for the Affair
Where we'll be gettin' down and won't be comin' up for air. (hahahah)
May I have this swim? (I will never dance, I'll never dance )
Mr. Wiggles here, sayin' May we funk you?
(Everything is on the one, ha,ha )
(Eat the worm)
(Three blind mice, heh, heh.......run around the one )
I got a string on my thang (Mmh)
Rhythm in my thang (Wind me up)
I can do my thang underwater
I got a string attached to my thang
When you pull my string
I can do my thang like I oughta
Ooh, the Motor Booty Affair--this IS the big one
The marathon, not your average 50-yard dash of Funk
The Olympics, cross-country style
(Eenie meenie miney wiggle...Ho!)
Comin' to you from #1 Bimini Road, (I got a string on my thang)
In beautiful downtown Atlantis (Rhythm in my thang)
Where you might see the jellyfish jammin' with the salmon
(I can do my thing underwater)
Come face to face with a mouth named Jaws, (I got a string attached to my thang)
Freak out with a Mermaid named Rita, (When you pull my string)
And meet Mr. Wiggles the Worm (I can do my thang like I oughta)
I got wheels on my thang (Oh!)
Real in my thang (Emerald city!)
I can do my thang underwater
I got a string attached to my thang (Hghmm!)
When you pull my string
I can do my thang like I oughta
Check me out
I can slide between the molecules of wetness like an eel through seaweed
One slithering idiot
Mr. Wiggles here...
Your DJ for the Affair
We will be gettin' down and won't be coming up for air
So you can leave your nose at home
You might wanna rent a blowhole. OH!
(That's how it goes in the Land of No Nose)
Let me bait my rap (Heh!)
Go Wiggle (The best stroke is the breast stroke)
This fish tale begins where most fish tails end (Eenie meeny miney wiggle)
With a school of fool fish (Eenie meeny miney wiggle)
Playin' hooky from school and gettin caught...AND LIKIN' IT!!!
I got a string on my thang (OH!)
Reel in my thang (Go Wiggle Y'all)
I can do my thang underwater
I got a string attached to my thang (Yo yo)
(blow it out your blowhole )
Wheel on my string (Aquaboogie baby!)
I can do my thang like I oughta
(you're just a clone illusion, heh heh!)
Ee-tiddley-tock, oh I'm the Jock and I'm back on the scene with my record machine sayin'
Oo-poppa-doo how y'all do?
Mr. Wiggles the Worm here (Go Wiggle?!)
Sayin' this is an underwater story in the fields of your mind
(I can do my thang underwater)
We're swimmin' past a clock who has it's hand behind it's back
On past reality, he ain't lookin' for a moment (Eenie meanie miney wiggle)
We'll leave a candle in the windows of our conscious mind
And we'll find our way back to the One in time
(I got wheels on my thang, reel in my thang, I can do my thang underwater)
(Eenie meanie miney wiggle)
The Motor Booty Affair, where you can dance underwater and not get wet
(I got a string attached to my thang)
Aqua dooloop-a-baby
(When you pull my string)
Rhythm
(I can do my thing like I oughta)
Mr. Wiggles here on roller skates and a yo-yo (Eenie meanie miney wiggle)
Actin' the FOOL, one slithering idiot
These are my ladies Giggles and Squirm
We are three bionic worms (Eenie meanie miney wiggle)
Your DJ for the Affair (Sliding through the water without gettin' wet)
(Eenie meanie miney wiggle?)
And I can do my thang underwater, HA! (Eenie meanie miney wiggle...)
Comin' to you live from #1 Bimini Road
In the Emerald City, downtown Atlantis, on W-E-F-U-N-K
We funk, we funk (I got to wiggle)
And we funk
(You gotta wiggle? hee hee)
And we wiggle ( Eenie Meenie Miney Wiggle)
And we funk, OH!
Mr. Wiggles here, (Go Wiggle! NO!)
Sayin' Ee-tiddley-tock, oh I'm the Jock and I'm back on the scene with my record machine sayin'
Oo-poppa-doo how y'all do? (We're swimmin' past a clock who has it's hand behind it's back
On past reality, he ain't lookin' for a moment)
Go wiggle!
To all the fish and the fishies, go wiggle! (We'll leave a candle in our conscious mind...with the One)
To all the fish and the fishes, go wiggle! (find our way back to the One in time)
Ee-tiddley-tock, oh I'm the Jock and I'm back on the scene with my record machine sayin'
Oo-poppa-doo how y'all do? Go wiggle!
(Dancin' underwater and not getting wet)
OHHH!! GO WIGGLE!!! GO WIGGLE!!!!!
From the ocean comes the notion that real lies in the eyes of rhythm
And the rhythm of vision is a dancer (Ee-tiddley-tock, oh I'm the Jock and I'm back on the scene with my record machine sayin'
Oo-poppa-doo how y'all do? Go wiggle)
From the lookin' comes the seeing
One with real eyes realize that the rhythm of vision is a dancer
And when he dance it's always on the One. (Aquadooloop baby!)
Goin' down you could see sounds of silence
Primal heartbeats could be seen with the naked eye
(What in the world is that worm talkin' about?)
And the ones with real eyes realize that everything is on the One. Go Wiggle!
(Ee-tiddley-tock, oh I'm the Jock and I'm back on the scene with my record machine sayin'
Oo-poppa-doo how y'all do? Go wiggle)
Psychoalphadiscobetabioaquadooloop go wiggle!
(You can't....???????????????...)
Swimmin on past your conscious mind, who's tied up for a moment
But he'll be back on time. In the meantime.... go wiggle!Embed