Rumpofsteelskin LyricsLookit here!
The Motor Booty where you shake your rump
The Motor Booty where you funk (go demand it)
The Motor Booty where you shake your rump
The Motor Booty where you funk (Bomb squad!)
The Motor Booty where you shake your rump
The Motor Booty where you funk (?)
The Motor Booty where you shake your rump
The Motor Booty where you funk (put out water)
The Motor Booty where they shake their rump
The Motor Booty where they funk ?
The Motor Booty where they shake their rump
The Motor Booty where they funk (somebody's into the )
The Motor Booty where they shake their rump
The Motor Booty where you funk (AHHH WHOO! ?)
The Motor Booty where they shake their rump
The Motor Booty where they funk (OWWWW!!! Put out water!)
OH!, and that's how it goes in the land of no Nose, Star Child here
Bringing you a bump-by-bump rundown at the Wide Wide World of Wiggles
Hey, ho!
Rumpofsteelskin, he don't rust and he don't bend
He's got dynamite sticks by the megatons in his butt
(Now you can dance the underwater down the Bimini road
While some surf the undercurrents exclusively? I'm told)
Rumpofsteelskin, he don't know that he can't win
(...where ice can be red hot and bodies can put out water)
His motor-booty lady is never gonna blow us up
(where thankin' and spankin' what you's makin' none what you want of)
Hey-ya-eee Rump-ahh-ah-of ...steelskin
(harmonious influence, as we are the Clones of Dr. Funkenstein)
(Sayin' a hard head makes a soft...........)
The motor booty where they shake their rump
The motor booty where they funk
(...there ain't nothin' blowin' but the NOSE!)
The motor booty where they shake their rump
(But that's how it goes in the Land of No-nose)
The motor booty where they funk (---?----)
The motor booty where they shake their rump
The motor booty where they funk (Bomb squad!)
The motor booty where they shake their rump, (OH!!)
The motor booty where they funk (?)
(put out water)
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in (x4)
Rumpofsteelskin (x4)
I'm ready for the race ---?---
I've got a motor booty and I'm full of gas, baby! (Motor booty baby!)
Let me blow your ------?- ---- yeah, yeah baba bubba (Motor booty baby!)
(Wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiind me up!)
(Motor booty baby!) 
HO!! and that's how it goes in the land of no nose
So he was still ----?----- body snatcher and anti-bodies can't stop us now
Starchild here, sayin'
--------- demand you know, but chills and thangs, you don't have to pay
No bills and thangs
Blow nose!
Well they'll be ?
...and like the blowfish said to the shark
"Got anything from the hammerhead?" ------?---- OH!
Motor booty baby! (x4)
Rumpofsteelskin, he don't rust and he don't bend
He's got dynamite sticks by the megatons in his butt
Rumpofsteelskin, (yeah, it's kind of got a little future behind it)
He don't know that he can't win his motorbooty lady
Is never gone blow us up
Hey-eh-yeah Rumpah-ah-of steelskin!
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in (Whoah yeah!)
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in (?)
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in ([Fire pistol hot!?)
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in (Put out water!)
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in ([Fire pistol hot!?)
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in
Hey-eh-yeah Rumpah-ah-of steelskin!
YO! Rumpofsteelskin is a lump above the rest with  with the best
Let's go wiggle it out SUCKER! Knock the funk off my shoulder!
HO!
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' and the skin he's in (bomb squad)
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' and the skin he's in (?)
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' and the skin he's in (Mmm mm put out water!)
Livin' and jivin' and diggin' and the skin he's in (x3)1Embed