Lean on Me Lyrics
 Oldie but a goodie
 Mmm-mmm
 Mmm-mmm mmm-mmm
 Hoo ooh hoo ooh ooh ooh
 O-o-oh
 Hoo ooh hoo ooh ooh ooh
 One, two, three, funky
 True MC, True MC
 Everybody listens to the True MC
 True MC, no slack on the track
 Here to tell the people that love's what we lack
 In this family, we gotta love like Christ
 So precise in your life, so take this advice
 Brother to brother, we need to learn to love each other
 So lean on me when you're in trouble
 I cast my cares on Christ 'cause He cares for me
 So when you need a shoulder to cry on, just lean
 Props to my man Speedy (Speed)
 One, two, three

Lean on me when you're not strong
And I'll be your friend (I'll be your friend), I'll help you carry on (Lean on me)
For it won't be long
'Til I'm gonna need somebody to lean on
Sometimes in our lives
We all have pain, we all have sorrows (Yeah, we do now)
But, if we are wise
We know that there's always tomorrow

Lean on me (Sing it to me, sing it to me) when you're not strong
And I'll be your friend (I'll be your friend), I'll help you carry on (Lean on me)
For it won't be long (It won't be long)
'Til I'm gonna need somebody to lean on

Please, swallow your pride
If I have things you need to borrow
For no one can fill those of your needs, yeah
And if you won't, a let them-let them-let them show

Lean on me (Sing it to me, sing it to me) when you're not strong (Sing it to me, sing it to me)
And I'll be your friend (I'll be your friend), I'll help you carry on (Lean on me)
For it won't be long (It won't be long)
'Til I'm gonna need somebody to lean on

You just call on your brother when you need a hand
We all need somebody to lean on
I just might have some problems that you'd understand, yeah yeah (Yeah yeah, yeah yeah)
Problems, have some, problems, have some, yeah, you
We all need somebody to lean on
Lean on me (Hey!) when you're not strong
And I'll be your friend (I'll be your friend), I'll help you carry on, oh (Lean on me)
For it won't be long (It won't be long)
'Til I'm gonna need somebody to lean on

Make it funky, make it funky (Whoa!) (Oh! Yeah yeah yeah!)
Make it funky, make it funky (Uh! Uh!)
Make it funky, make it funky (Whoa-oh!) (Ayy yeah yeah yeah!) (Break up!)

'Cause I'm housin' this joint like a brother with an attitude (Uh!)
And comin' straight so you best give me latitude (Uh!)
Leanin' on my boys from the Word, get go (Uh!)
And bein' there for them 'cause the Lord said so (Uh uh!)
Many of us just don't know what to do (To do) (Uh!)
Well, take it here and now from the boy named true (True) (Uh!)
Don't dog a brother out when he stumbles and falls (Falls) (Uh!)
Just be there to lean on y'all (Uh!)

Call me (Oh, baby now)
Call me (Oh, won't you call me?)
Just call me (Yeah) (*scats*)
Call me (Yeah)
Call me (Ye-yeah)
Just call me (Hoo hoo hoo!) (Lord, lean on me)
Don't you know that I'll be there? (I will be there)
You can lean on me (That who you gonna be?)
Don't you know that I'll be there? (I will be there)
You can lean on me (So, if I can lean on you…)
Don't you know that I'll be there? (I will be there)
You can lean on me (Sing it to me, sing it to me)
Don't you know that I'll be there? (I will be there)
You can lean on meEmbed