What the Fuck? LyricsWhat now? Now you would destroy the earth
Dry the river beds
What now? Now in your control, birth and death
Dry the bodies, incadescent in the heat
Your fire is melting both soil and soul
In plan maybe, is that not enough?
Your war and raving of it is so total
You're consumed by it as you'd consumed us
Would you see the fire from your sanctuary of death?
What terrible pain you need to hide
In your hatred you'd seek to destroy the earth
What is it that you have been denied?
Your mind and its rantings are so barren
What the fuck are you thinking? What the fuck?
Your eyes and their vision, empty, staring
What the fuck are you seeing? What the fuck?
What now? Now you would destroy the earth
Dry the river beds
What now? Now in your control, birth and death
Dry the bodies, incadescent in the heat
So singular your motives, yet impossible to define
How finely lined my destiny in the cobwebs of your crime
So insular your future, so alien your plan
Take all of this if you will and I'll take what I can
A town that is no more
"My god", you say, "what have I done?"
But you won't heed what's gone before
"What pity?", you say, "There is none."
And so you drive the world to war
But this war will not be lost or won
The desolation that you've seen but never saw
Is the lesson that you teach, but never learn
But would you see the fire in the world where you exist?
Will your hard eyes register the pain?
Are you so cold that there is no distress?
Where there's death would you give death again?
No flowers in your landscape, some withered rose
Kicked amongst the corpses where they lay
Halted where all hope died, froze
By the horror of your acts compelled to stay
What now? Now you would destroy the earth
Dry the river beds
What now? Now in your control, birth and death
Dry the bodies, incadescent in the heat
Unnoticed all this in your lusting after death
How determined that your darkness should be shared
Unnoticed in your blindness this miracle of breath
What element of beauty attracts your cruel desire?
Would you see the burning? Is that your delight?
Would you have me see it in your stead?
Would you feel my yearning? Peace, life light
Body, breath. Would you take all this?
What now? Now you would destroy the earth
Dry the river beds
What now? Now in your control, birth and death
Dry the bodies, incadescent in the heat
What is it that you're seeking, so cold & so deprived?
What is it that you dream of in your empty eyeless head?
Why must I share your lust of death? Can you not die alone?
Why must I share your fear of breath, light, life, PEACE?Embed