Beautiful Red Dress LyricsWell I was down at the Zig Zag
That's the Zig Zag Bar & Grill
And everybody was talking at once
And it was getting really shrill
And I've been around the block
But I don't care I'm on a roll - I'm on a wild ride
'Cause the moon is full and look out baby -
I'm at high tide
I've got a beautiful red dress
And you'd look really good standing beside it..
I've got some beautiful new red shoes
And they look so fine
I've got a hundred and five fever
And it's high tide
Well just the other day I won the lottery
I mean lots of money
I got so excited I ran into my place and i said:
HEY! Is anybody home?
Nobody answered but I guess that's not too weird
Since I live alone
I've got a beautiful red dress
And you'd look really good standing beside it.. Girls?
We can take it And if we can't we're gonna fake it
We're gonna save ourselves, save ourselves
We're gonna make it
And if we don't we're gonna take it
We're gonna save ourselves, save ourselves
Well they say women shouldn't be the president
'Cause we go crazy from time to time
Well push my button baby here I come
Yeah look out baby I'm at high tide
I've got a beautiful red dress
And you'd look really good standing beside it..
I've got a little jug of red sangria wine
And we could take little sips from time to time
I've got some bright red drop dead lips
I've got a little red card and mechanical hips
I've got a hundred and five fever!!!
OK! OK! Hold it!
I just want to say something
You know, for every dollar a man makes
A woman makes 63 cents
Now, fifty years ago that was 62 cents
So, with that kind of luck
It'll be the year 3,888
Before we make a buck
But hey, girls? We can take it
And if we can't we're gonna fake it
We're gonna save ourselves, save ourselves
(Yeah tell it to the judge)
We're gonna make it
And if we don't we're gonna take it
We're gonna save ourselves, save ourselves
We've got a fever of a hundred and five
And look baby It's high tide
Well I could just go on and on and on...
But tonight I've got a headacheEmbed