A Hair on the Head of John the Baptist Lyrics
The inspiration of the sonnets has always been something of a mystery. All we know for certain is that some were written to a dark lady. A sonnet about jealous love...

Their perfume lost, take these again; for to the noble mind. Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind. There, my lord
Are you honest?

My lord?

Are you fair?

What means you lordship?

I...did love you once

Indeed, my lord, you made me believe so

You should not have believed me...I loved you not
I was the more deceived

Get thee to a nunnery! Why wouldst thou be a breeder of sinners? We are arrant knaves, believe none of us. Go thy ways to a nunnery
O, help him, you sweet heavens!

If thou dost marry, I'll give thee this plague for thy dowry: be thou as chaste as ice, as pure as snow, thou shalt not escape calumny. Or if thou need marry, marry a fool; for wise men know well enough what monsters you make of them

Hair on the head of John the Baptist
Hair on the head of John the Baptist
Hair on the head of John the Baptist
Hair on the head of John the Baptist. 
Hair on the head of John the Baptist. Oh God!

I loved you not

Thou know'st 'tis common: all that lives must die
Passing through nature to eternity
Aye, madam, it is common

If it be, why seems it so particular with thee?
Seems? Madam, nay, it is, I know not "seems."
Seem
For they are actions that a man might play;
But I have that within

Hair on the head of John the Baptist. 
Hair on the head of John the Baptist. Oh God!
Hair on the head of John the Baptist. 
Hair on the head of John the Baptist. Oh God!
Hair on the head of John the Baptist. 
Hair on the head of John the Baptist. Oh God!
Hair on the head of John the Baptist. 
Hair on the head of John the Baptist. Oh God!

So, when this loose behavior I throw off
And pay the debt I never promised
By how much better than my word I am
By so much shall I falsify men's hopes;
I'll so offend, to make offence a skill;
Redeeming time when men think least I will
Judas, 

For worms...fare thee well, great heart
Adieu, and take thy praise with thee to heaven!
Thy ignominy sleep with thee in the grave
But not remember'd in thy epitaph!

This bodiless creation ecstasy
Is very cunning in

Ecstasy?

I must be cruel, only to be kind;
Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind
I loved you not

Presume not that I am the thing I was!
For God doth know, so shall the world perceive
That I have turn'd away my former self;
So will I those that kept me company2Embed