Smokin Out The Window Lyrics
Wait a minute, this love started out so tender, so sweet
But now she got me smokin' out the window
Mm, mm, mm

Must've spent thirty-five, forty-five thousand up in Tiffany's (Oh no)
Got her badass kids runnin' 'round my whole crib
Like it's Chuck E. Cheese (Woah, woah)
Put me in a jam with her ex-man in the UFC
Can't believe it (Can't believe it)
I'm in disbelief

This bitch got me payin' her rent, payin' for trips
Diamonds on her neck, diamonds on her wrists
And here I am all alone (All alone)
I'm so cold, I'm so cold
You got me out here

Smokin' out the window (Smokin' out the window)
Singin', "How could she do this to me?"
(How could she do this to me?)
Oh, I thought that girl belonged to only me (Mmm)
But I was wrong
'Cause she belong
To everybody, everybody, ooh
Just the other night, she was grippin' on me tight
Screamin', "Hercules" (Hercules, Hercules)
Got me in the club lookin' for a new love
Someone help me, please (Help me, please, help me, please)
Baby, why you doin' this? Why you doin' this to me, girl?
Not to be dramatic, but I wanna die

This bitch got me payin' her rent, payin' for trips
Diamonds on her neck, diamonds on her wrists
And here I am all alone (All alone)
I'm so cold, I'm so cold
You got me out here

Smokin' out the window (Smokin' out the window of the Benzo, the Benzo)
Singin', "How could she do this to me?" (How? How could she do this?)
Oh, I thought that girl belonged to only me (One thing's for sure, one thing's for sure)
But I was wrong (I was wrong)
'Cause she belong (She belong)
To everybody, everybody (Yeah, she belong to everybody)
(That girl, yes, she belong to everybody) Ooh

(Oh no)
Look here, baby, I hope you find whatever it is that you need
But I also hope that your triflin' ass is walkin' 'round barefoot in these streets
Look out
Girl, it breaks my heart that you ain't right here with me
Now I gotta give you back (Gotta give you back)
To the city, oh, you got me

Smokin' out the window (Ooh)
Singin', "How could she do this to me?" (How could you?)
(How could you do this, baby?)
Oh, I thought that girl belonged to only me (Woo-hoo, ooh-hoo-hoo)
But I was wrong (I was wrong)
'Cause she belong (She belong)
To everybody, everybody (Yeah, she belong to everybody)
(Yeah, yeah, she belong to everybody) Ooh43Embed