Guitar Hero Lyrics
I can't get them up, I can't get them up
I can't get them up at all
(hey. ho. let. go.)

Good morning killer king, you're a star
That's gorgeous hold it right where you are
The weather's kinda lousy today
So what oh what oh what'll we play

Stratocaster strapped to your back
It's a semi-automatic like dad's
He taught you how to pause and reset
But that's about as far as you get

So what's the use of going outside?
It's so depressing when people die in real life
I'd rather pick up right where we left
Making out to faces of death
Making out to faces of death

And I could save you, baby, but it isn't worth my time
And I could make you chase me for a little price is right
It's a hit but are you actually sure?
The targets in the crowd are a blur
The people screaming just like they should
But you don't even know if you're good
You don't even know if you're good

So tie them up and feed them the sand
Ha nigga! try hard to tell us using your hands
A picture's worth a million words
And that way nobody gets hurt
And that way nobody gets hurt

And I could save you, baby, but it isn't worth my time
And I could make you chase me for a little price is right

You're my guitar hero, you're my guitar hero
You're my guitar hero, you're my guitar hero

X marks the box in the hole in the ground that goes off at a breath
So careful don't make a sound
X marks the box in the hole in your head that you dug for yourself
Now lie. in. it
Shut up about all of that negative shit
You wanted to make it and now that you're in
You're obviously not gonna to die
So why not take your chances and try
Why not take your chances and try?

How do you get them to turn this thing off?
This isn't at all like the ones back at home
Just shut your eyes and flip the cassette
And that's about the time that they hit
And that's about the time that they hit

What the fuck is up with this shit?
It's certainly not worth getting upset
His hands are gone and most of his head
And just when he was getting so good
Just when he was getting so good...

And I could save you, baby, but it isn't worth my time
'Cause even if I saved you there's a million more in line

You're my guitar hero, you're my guitar hero
You're my guitar hero
You're my guitar hero1Embed