Kicks LyricsHey man, what's your style?
How do you get your kicks for living?
Hey man, what's your style?
How do you get your adrenaline flowing now?
How do you get your adrenaline flowing?
Hey man, what's your style?
I love the way you drive your car now
Hey man, what's your style?
I ain't jealous of the way you're living
I ain't jealous of the way you're living
When you cut that dude with that stiletto, man, you
You did it so, ah, chic-like
What'd I think about it?
When the blood come-a down his neck
Don't you know it was, uh, far better than sex, now, now, now
It was way better than getting laid
'Cause it's the final thing to do, now
Get somebody to, uh, come on to you
Then you just get somebody to now, now
Come on to you and then you kill them, yeah
You kill them, uh huh
'Cause I need kicks
Hey baby, baby, I need kicks, now
I'm getting bored, I need, need it, need it, need now, now some kicks
Oh, give it, give it, give it, give it, give it to me now, now, kicks
Hey man, what's your style?
How do you get your kicks for living?
Hey man, what's your style?
How you get your adrenaline flowing now, now, now, now, now
How you get your adrenaline flowing?
Hey man, what's your style?
You know, I love the way you drive your car now
Hey man, what's your style?
I ain't jealous of the way that you're living
Ain't jealous of, now, now, the way you're living
In the newspaper that you had with you that night
You did it so, ah, crudely, now
With that blood coming down his chest
It was way better than sex, now, now
It was way better than getting laid
It was the, the final thing to do
Get somebody to come, come on to you, then
Get somebody to, ah, to come, come on to you, then you
Then ya kill them now
Then ya kill him now, now
Yeah, yeah, yeah, kill him now, now
'Cause I need kicks
I need some kicks
I'm getting bored
I need, need, need, need, need, need, need some kicks
Yeah, need, need, need, need, need, need, need some kicks
Oh, give me now, kicks
Yeah, I need some kicks
Yeah, I need some k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-kick-kicks
Oh, give it me now, now
Kicks, kicks, kicks, kicks, kicks, ah kicks nowEmbed