Breathing Apparatus Lyrics"Dr. Bruce, telephone please, Dr. Bruce, telephone please.."
"Paging Dr. Kevorkian, paging Dr. Kevorkian.."
"Nurse, somebody's broken into the amphetamine sulfate again"
"Paging Dr. Kevorkian, paging Dr. Kevorkian.."

My motherfucker took lead it was unexpected
Mobbed through the do', smelled the disinfectant
Mashed third flo' on the elevator
Seen Boots hemmed on the respirator
Death was on his face too soon
C'mon baby holla at your ace boon coon
Tell me who it was and I'll be buckin like a untamed stallion
Say another word and see me gather a batallion

Shit, I give a fuck who did the killing
Got a puncture in my lung, tell em gimme penicillin
Fingertips ain't got no feelin, pain-killin, gimme codeine
Don't let me vomit up my guts, let's keep the flo' clean
I seen em comin for a mile through the rearview
I'll tell you one thing bout them po-po's, they don't LOVE you

Sheeyit, like I needed you to tell
Motherfucker make sense - you delirious as hell
Lean over the bed and let me whisper close
Watch these motherfuckers with the stethoscopes
You know I'm uninsured up in this b-i-otch
My medical plan was to not get shot
I get the..
"One two three!" "Code blue!"
"One two three! "Code blue!"
*bzzzzzzzzzzzzt* "Clear!"
*bzzzzzzzzzzzzt*
"I've got a pulse.."

Nurse, what's the status?
E please don't let em fuck with my breathing apparatus
 I ain't gon' let em FUCK with your breathing apparatus
 PLEASE don't let em fuck with my breathing apparatus
 I ain't gon' let em FUCK with your breathing apparatus
 PLEASE don't let em fuck with my breathing apparatus

I'm feelin hostile, with this fuckin hose up my nostril
My bills be colossal, creditors be followin me
Like apostles, I jostled the fossils
Of thoughts that's given
Fuck these motherfuckers tryin to pimp me for livin
Scrape up scrilla for the box I'm in
If we can't hock some ends, for this oxygen
I know what you feelin, we see eye to eye
And it's slugs goin off if they let you die
I'm fin' ta split like a virus, come back with Multiplicity
They always doin this to the black ethnicity
And anybody offa who dey make moola
This should let you know yo' life's controlled by who da rula
It's some murderous, medical, supervision
Had my baby boy, couldn't get a circumcision
You ain't got insurance that be costin G's
They be actin hands off like you got a disease
 Ay man I got a disease
 Damn what you catch?
 It's called broke, with no motherfuckin respect
 and it's a STD, but you ain't never gon' nut
 cause it come from a long legacy of gettin FUCKED
 I'm finsta make it happen on the phone, shh, shut up!
 E.J., get your mom
 Aight, hook it up
 Shup? This is E, put on yo' shit kickers
 and hop on the bus, we need MEDICARE STICKERS
 I ain't gon' let em FUCK with your breathing apparatus
 PLEASE don't let em fuck with my breathing apparatus
 I ain't gon' let em FUCK with your breathing apparatus
 PLEASE don't let em fuck with my breathing apparatus
Motherfuckers tryin to live like the Huxtables
Comfortable, but my bank account ain't functional
And now another thing that's disturbin me
How the fuzz gon' put you in the infirmary?

See I'm a communist, I'll tell yo' momma the truth
And now they wanna assassinate me like they John Wilkes Booth
But umm, recognize sperm, cause yo' brain is the maternity
Conception through yo' ear, now my game lasts through
Eterni-*cough*-ty *cough, cough*
"Breathe again, breathe again..
And I will never breathe again.." -] Toni Braxton (repeat 2X)

Well, I've been looking at the patient's stats
It seems as if he's lost his will to payEmbed