Do My Thang Lyrics Yo! Damn man, I’ve been waiting 20 minutes
 Man, don’t even trip, the movie just started
*woman singing*
 What are we seeing, anyway?
 Who cares? It’s free
  they  motherfuckers in this movie already? Man...
 Excuse me gentlemen,  see you to the , please
 Aw man, I have to 
 Me too
 Can it, ship it, and sell it, fellas. That’s why you sneaked in here
 Well, flip it, smack it,  it down, that wasn’t us!
 Okay, we’re calling the police
 Man, 
 My partner got a bootleg of that movie anyway. I’m hella hungry though
 I’m starving too, man. I don’t get paid til Friday
 Man, look at all them people over there! There’s some kind of function at that big-ass church
 Yeah, and they might be serving food!
 
*footsteps*
 This is a funeral, ain’t no food in here, lets go!
 Wait a second, wait a second. This dude was on the news, this is that rich dude that died, yeah, named Filthy Rich Banks. He owned Metropolitan Machine Company, you know, he made millions paying people six dollars an hour. Despicable motherfucker. You know I have to do my thing
 Your thing? What thing?!
 My thang, you know, my thang! First we gotta sneak up in there
 Man, how we gonna sneak up in there!?
 We gonna use number eight
 Number eight?
 Yeah, but this time not only are you paralyzed, you’re also the organ player
 What!? I can’t play no organs!
 Don’t trip, you’re gonna see! Okay, hop up in my arms
 Nah man, 
 Don’t be no punk, hop up in my arms!
*grunt, footsteps*
 Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me, excuse me
 Excuse me sir, but you can’t come in here
 We have to, he’s the organ player. Obviously we’re late
 Yeah man, uh, we’re late, sorry I’m late
 Who are you? Why are you carrying him?
 You think I’m doing this for fun? This man is paralyzed! From the waist down! His wheelchair is broken, y’know? So I gotta carry him, I’m his assistant t— I gotta carry him to this gig today. If you don’t let me, y’know, if you don’t let me in, I may end up dropping him
 Alright
 He’ll sue you
 Okay, straight to the left
*footsteps, creaking*
 Man, put me down  you know I can’t play!
 Come on man, I’m just trying to do my thing, you know I gotta do it
 What to do... What to do...
 Play, man! Everybody’s looking at us!
 I can’t!
*organ*
 Just keep hitting it, Dawud. I’ma be back
 Oh, I’m nervous, I’m nervous, what to do...
 I’d like to pay my respectsEmbed