No, Your Product LyricsThe TV screen becomes my eye
It's the legal monster of a future time
There's no opinion that ain't my own
No thought that isn't mine
Completely
I said twenty-one years is a long, long time
To be in this prison when there ain't no crime
So go on, jailer, won't you bring the key
I said I want to break out that door
Don't you hear me?
You know the damage gets done so fast
It's all the truths that just don't last
I got creeps in drag crawling round my door
Disguised in smiles they quote the law
Selling Bibles for a secret fee
They say it's all done for me
I'm such a lucky man
You know the damage gets done so fast
It's all the truths that just don't last
It's another lie they want to uphold
Another day 'til all grow old, and break down
So I get bored with a TV mind
No place to go no future's mine
NF banners flying in the wind
Like free lobotomies
I don't recommend one
So open your mouth and you get done
Police state now keeps you on the run
You scream injustice, better scream it loud
Get punched down in the crowd
And what can you do?
You know that damage gets done so fast
It's all the truths that just don't last
Another lie they want to uphold
Another day 'til we all grow old, and break down
You know that damage gets done so fast, listen one time. You know that justice that'll never last. I said I'll break down and another day when my life grows old. We'll never listen. Another day when we'll never get told about what's going on. And that's just when I wanna break out, I wanna get out get out of here now. You know I just want to smash that door. Wanna take one time and I don't wanna see no more TV, don't wanna see you. I don't wanna listen to a thing that they say. I wanna crash out. I wanna smash, I wanna smash it all. I said I got to take it away. I can't stand it no more. 'Cause that's when I just want to break out. I said I can't take any more. Because it's too much for anybody to handle. I said it's enough. Another crime against the state. That's another shameEmbed