Clairaudients (Kill or Be Killed) Lyrics
Cassadaga, oh yeah, that's where you're going to find the center of energy. And they've got those in Arizona too. You know, there's, I know that there's wonderful grounds that have vortexes
That you might be interested in going to. And then go to Nevada. And then go to California. And then come south and go back through Arizona. And go through Texas. You know what I'm saying?
Getting rid of the old feelings of the old ways of thinking, and, you know, it's kind of like with people and the tarot cards. Just because you get the Death card doesn't mean death or dying. It means transformation. It means changing things around and starting something new
Cause I was pulling in on a, on a dog or companion, somehow I get the impression that you're almost a little afraid to start the trip. It doesn't have to be a straight line happy face, but make kind of a happy face, I mean kind of a smile. Go up, up the east coast, but it's gonna be a circle, you know what I'm saying? It's gonna be a sloppy circle
Don't be afraid. You know, years and years and years ago, you know, you might, you might have come across some river and rock and the mountains or whatever, and then when you get there maybe you'll have the answers you seek
We have moved into a new era and life as we know it is changing. Your relationships, career, and location will all be subject with an energy. Allow me to share with you tips that will assist you during these new times:
Don't give up hope on yourself, no. Just be patient about the fact that, be patient about how things are unfolding. Because psychically, you're less... Why are you afraid to start? I think you should go. I think you should go. You know, plan ahead, pack the things that you think you're gonna need, and then just go. Cassadaga might be just a premonition of a place you're going to visit...

Corporate or Colonial
The movement is unstoppable
Like the body of a centerfold, it spreads
To the counter-culture copyright
Get your revolution at a lower price
Or make believe and throw the fight, play dead
It's exploding bags, aerosol cans
Southbound buses, Peter Pan
They left it up to us again
I thought you knew the drill
It's kill or be killed
Future Markets, Holy Wars
Been tried ten thousand times before
If you think that God is keeping score, hooray
For the freedom-fighting simulcast
The imminent and the aftermath
Draw another bloody bath to drain
Like the polar icecaps' centrifuge
First snowman built at the end of June
He slicks his hair for the interview, his fifteen-minute fame
Would you agree times have changed?1Embed