Group Autogenics II LyricsPutting your body on the line here, so tuning in now to the feet. You might try lifting them up towards the ears, and when you feel comfortable with it, allowing your eyes to close gently, in your mind's eye. Your being merges with the garbage, becomes one with it, so that all your energies in this moment are held in awareness by the smells, and remembering that there is no one right way to doing the dishes. And let go completely of the question of time. When this happens, as an experiment, see if you can float on a rubber raft into a big pot of boredom, letting it all cook in your mind's eye, where it cooks all by itself, stirring it, perhaps, every once and a while
Is that ok with you?
Stare at yourself in the mirror until you feel a burning sensation. Now remove your head completely, your head is floating in the air
With your left brain, close your eyes. Stick out your tongue to the universe, and imagine your own peculiar vibration. Deeper, deeper, deeper. Several thousand years of external happiness and exaltation of our psyche. Free we are from complexities
Relaxing, relaxing, relaxing, relaxing...
As we go down the elevator, as you continue to listen to the sound of my voice... (number three) As you drink this water day after day after day (number two) Don't allow your eyes to move from this spot for a moment. That's it! (number one) Your eyes remove themselves from your body, for your own good. Your mind will become a sponge, you're a masterpiece, a work of art. You are becoming, beyond any shadow of a doubt... Blue Rose. Blue Rose!
Look out there though. Look:
First there is an L, and then there is an O, and then there is a V, and then there is an E. A box of LOVE in the meadow of your mind... Keep the lid on it!
And this becomes your reality. That's right. And at any time you feel yourself weaken in any way you think the word 'food'. This is your trigger word and the moment you think or say the word, from this very moment on, you will only eat. You gain enormously in weight, and all desire for self-esteem will disappear, and so it is, and so it is. And you now have an unseen assistance:
And it feels so good, so relaxed, and so at ease
And you're becoming the world and everyone in itEmbed