Bike (2) Lyrics
Edison, I've fixed my glasses like new!
Wishing coins well, off into the bad sleep well
Edison, I've fixed my glasses like new!
Wishing coins well, off into the bad sleep well
Reaching to quiet the man made of metal and brick
Sleeping in woman's clothes, naked walls filling my eyes
Kneading the knotted, cramped muscles; the head of a nut
Holding my place in a necklace collection, voila!
Scraping the hardened, dead mortar from under the nails
Weeding out sounding like movies, why I'd rather read
Sparring the volunteer flower, the beautiful guest
Greetings, my god-given name is Adam in love
Edison, I've fixed my glasses like new!
Wishing coins well, off into the bad sleep well
Edison, I've fixed my glasses like new!
Wishing coins well, off into the bad sleep well

De, ja, vu, cats, clipped, whiskers, X

Dear Jon
She's no longer calling, and the sun just keeps coming up

Dear Adam
I'm dropping out of art school
I'm thinking of becoming a machete man in the rainforest
My box is made, the pills erect, it's one cut cookie syndrome
The pill that's huge and swallows other pills
It's jar bottom right below me, and not a spot of cork above
Why can I barely see exactly where the loop is marked?
It cuts in, I cut out, Pidagurpidagle says hello
And hunts the pilot light within the heater monolith she prays to

Art museums make me want to kill myself
I understand now why Pidagurpidagle pulls on the door
Even when she knows it's locked shut
People surround themselves with pets
To deny the fact that they're alone, most of the time
Stop the world, I want off
Easy access

Are you scared the album will end before the doorbell rings
And you'll be left to greet your guests
With a tied tongue, cold lunch, and spent wick candle?

Looking for an explanation everywhere except in
As i stuff my face from dirty pot
And greasy spoon, and sweaty peas, and buttered rice
And the water's running. I think ribs like rosebush branches
Flies in eyes, the corners of, and Sally Struthers don't be depressed
I've made it to the mystery of Mona Lisa's mouth
The streets smell like beer and exhaust this Christmas
Don't be depressed, but no one wants to rent movies
To an out-of-towner without a credit card
I did nothing today, but walk a blind man to his bus stop

Are you scared the album will end before the doorbell rings
And you'll be left to greet your guests
With a tied tongue, cold lunch, and spent wick candle?

As the floor boards creek and the pipes ping and pong beneath you...

Mother nature made the aeroplane, and the submarine sandwich
With the steady hands and dead eye of a remarkable sculptor
She shed her mountain turning training wheels
For the convenience of the moving sidewalk
That delivers the magnetic monkey children
Through the mouth of impossible calendar clock
Into the devil's manhole cauldron
Physics of a bicycle, isn't it remarkable?Embed