Drive-Thru LyricsJB: Kage
KG: Yeah?
JB: Let's go to the drive-thru
KG: Oh good, im starvin'
*vroom noise*
EMPLOYEE: May I help you?
JB: Yeah, um, uh
EMP: Can I have your order?
JB: Yeah, hold on a second I'm looking at the menu
EMP: Ok
JB: ... ummm
EMP: Would you like to buy some curly fries?
JB: Please, don't, dont offer me anything. I'll tell you want I want
EMP: Ok
JB: Um.. ok.. you know how you've got the six piece nuggets?
EMP: Yes, six piece chicken nuggets
JB: Just, uh, can you just give me four nuggets? Im trying to-
EMP: It comes in six or twelve piece. Would you like to try them?
JB: Shut up and listen to my order. Take the six nuggets, and throw two of them away I'm just wanting a four nugget thing. I'm trying to watch my calorie intake
EMP: It comes in six or twelve piece
JB: Put two of them up your ass, and give me four chicken mcnuggets
EMP: Alright, four six piece nuggets
JB: And then um... can I have a Junior Western Bacon Chee. A JUNIOR Western Bacon Chee, I'm tryin' to watch my figure
EMP: Western Bacon Cheeseburger
JB: A JUNIOR Western Bacon Chee
EMP: Would you like that with onions?
JB: No onions... um...
EMP: Ok Junior Bacon Cheeseburger, twelve piece chicken nuggets
JB: And um.. I'm gonna' go with a filet of fish sandwich, since that has less calories cause it has less calories cause it's fish
EMP: Filet o' Fish
JB: Now if you could take a Coca-Cola and just go half Coca-Cola, half Diet-Coke cause' I'm trying to watch my figure. Tryin' to loose some of the weight
EMP: Uh.. you want half Coca-Cola half Diet-Coke?
JB: Um... and a SMALL, a SMALL chocolate shake. Because I'm trying to watch my figure. Not a large, a small
EMP: It comes in medium-small or medium-large. Small chocolate shake
JB: Um also a small seasoned curlys. SMALL seasoned curlys
EMP: OK I got small season's curleys, western bacon cheeseburger
JB: Ummm... fuck my ass what else. Give me uhh.. alright cherrys jubilee and thats it
EMP: $10.01
JB: Wait. Kage what do you want?
KG: Uhhh. Geez... let me have uhh... I think I want the regular western bacon cheeseburger, large shake, uhm, seasoned curlys
JB: Oh GOD. Come on with the order. Take forever!
KG: That's all I want, that's all I want
JB: Good. Ok. How much is that sir?
EMP: That will be $14.75 at the window please, please drive up
JB: (To KG) Do you have any money?
KG: Oh shoot... umm, uh got, yeah I got like. Uhhh...
JB: Give it to me.. Alright Here... Ok... we only have, umm... alright I'm gonna need to cancel the last two things on the order
EMP: Ok thank you
JB: Ok thank you. Let's go
*vroom noise*Embed