Gees Lyrics
Uh, ign'ant-ass white kid (White kid)
But I'm still bicycling and recycling ('Cyling)
And I'm still eating gummy bear vitamins
All my bitches taking Vicodin, huffing nitrogen (Go)
Hyper than Williams' middle son
Since I was a little one, moms had to put me on the Ritalin
Made a swisher run, crack the 40 then I lit a blunt
Told Chuck I had a couple raps, so we kicked the drums
All the best rappers are usually dead
But I'm the poison that left a widow Juliet
In the studio with candles lit and Buddha heads
Coming up with all the coldest shit, take your Sudafed
Contagious, speaking while sedated
God shit, make 'em want to add a couple pages to the Bible
I ain't got nothing left in my will
'Cept, "Throw it all in the casket, it's mine still"
Uh, I need some backpack cast raps
Took a break just to kill the game half-assed
Set some rat traps, went and took a cat nap
Woke up, threw the dead bodies in the trash bags
Act polite, but I'm nasty on the mic
Your bitch don't want my dick, then she has to be a dyke
Slap her but she like it, tell me, "Master, feed me pipe"
I'm the scotch on the rocks, you the Appletini type
Bitch, suck my dick before I slap you with it
Gees...
Bitch, suck my dick before I slap you with it
Gees, woah...

Ugh, still fucking with these hoes, though (Hoes, though)
Bozo on these doppelgänger Jojos (Jojos)
Take a bitch to Soho for some Froyo
Tell her she gon' blow it: Romo
And now I'm out in Cali like Tone-Lōc (Tone-Lōc)
Young boy, but I'm chilling with some grown folk (Grown folk)
No joke, Most Dope, you just bowl smoke
How much coke you gotta sell to make a boat float?
Hit 'em, hit 'em 'til they tell me, "No more" (No more)
I'm a highly difficult ropes course
Pulling up to Rome on a chrome gold horse
Say "Wassup?" to the Pope, pull off in a Porsche
Who you kidding? Your flow's warshed
I ain't in the street but I'll grill you from the porch (Bitch)
I been had hoes, I played sports (For real)
Her ass out the bottom of her shorts (Woah)

Suck my dick before I slap you with it
Gees...
Bitch, suck my dick before I slap you with it
Gees...
Uh (Black James Bond and a white Shaft) (Yeah)
Turned my daughter to a queen, turned a dollar to a dream
Flashy as high beams, smoking on good weed
Something from kush seeds, the only strand to smoke for us OGs
I'm rich car service, no car keys (Yeah!)
First class flight, 'bout to land to a new bitch (Yeah, yeah)
She fuck me and swallowed every homie I came wit' (Aww, aww)
MCM bag and nigga, bet some weed in it
Two-hundred dollars worth of Backwoods, we all living (Yeah, yeah)
Brought the gangsters back to bucket hat, how real is that? (Ou)
I'm getting money, rub my tummy, that's my baller sack (Ugh)
Quarter million in a safe in case I get a case
Faggot-ass judge hatin' on me 'cause my money straight (Yeah)
Dropped ten racks in all fifty states (Bitch)
Gon' name my next tour Million-Man March (Aww, yeah)
Make a nun throw it back while I pull her scarf (Yeah)
She gave me head, my nuts touched her cross, boss

Figg Side!
Suck my dick before I slap you with it (Ou-ou! Yeah!)46Embed