Waves Of Grain LyricsWho has betrayed the deceased?
Such an infamous freedom, such a militant peace
How dare they distrust
Do they know who we are?
And your progony's brave, their tract house waiting, pre-plucked and pre-paved:
To the ends of the earth, wife, kids and a car
But oh no, no I see them falling
Let's all pray for rain. Let's all pray for rain
And your children are reared by panic and fear
But what when your fields are all rotten, your waves of grain, amber waves of grain?
And your word is yet done: inbreed us all 'till we're all the same
Your collection of tongues you keep framed in parlor with your bibles and guns, the fetus of christ with a fistful of scars
And your vision is clear while you blind your own kind in a curtain of fear, your words twisted skywards distracted by stars
But oh no, no the sky is falling
Let's all pray for rain. Let's all pray for rain
You pour out your prayers and weep cause you care
But what when all your fields are rotten, your waves of grain, amber waves of grain?
And you hide the dead while my friends head to die in your name
"This playground is yours," spoke god when you met behind closed doors, "Gesture your hands and the pawns shall subside."
And though you play alone, you never get lonely, you never get bored
Who needs a friend when God's on your side?
But oh no, no I see them falling
Let's all pray for rain. Let's all pray for rain
And even I can't pretend we're not near the end
But what when all your fields are rotten, your waves of grain, amber waves of grain? When your days are done, I hope you've had fun with your game
And you accepted as fact: Behold a white horse with you on it's back, A bow in your hand, a crown through your hair
And the oceans shall rise and slap of the shores of mountain sides
Great waves of progress shall wet the air
But oh no, no the sky is falling
Let's all pray for rain. Let's all pray for rain
And you fools in the back with your heads in your hat, what when all your fields are rotten, your waves of grain, amber waves of grain?
And my words won't be done, They'll never be done 'till the endEmbed