Binary Shuffle LyricsDo you want to hear about the money we got? (oh no)
Talk about the people we shot? (oh no)
Bragg on the clothes we wear? (oh no)
Do you think what we saying' is fair? (oh yea)
Do my crew rock the mic for days? (oh yea)
Do my crew keep it live on stage? (oh yea)
Do Binary Star got the flow? (oh yea)
Don't these wack emcees got to go? (oh yea)
Now when these lames wanna tussle we got on the muscle
Get to bustin' off rhymes, take 'em out in couples
Quick to snatch up the rock when you cats fumble
Star hiding any stop when we do the shuffle
Do the shuffle y'all do the shuffle (x4)

Spark the fire, art supplier with hearts desire
I knock 'em out the park hittin' like Mark Mcguire
Your vocal dispenser, for hire like Spencer
Every mic get sent in on this adventure
Captain of the seaship rockin you seasick
The beatkicks, I deepsix your weak clique
In the C with the industry, you got potential
I got kinetic energy, my embassy
Drop the science on the M-I-C
Mathematics, chemistry making history, a total mystery
How we revolutionize like revolts and red coats
Binary Star got it locked like deadbolts
Let your head soak in this tub of styles
Even thugs aroused, missed the scrub's around
Break it down to the last compound
Surround your compound with surround sound, tell me how that sound
So when we move through your circle know we're double trouble
And when you get gassed up we gonna bust your bubble
Even the proudest of cats get made humble
When they run upon a star and we do the shuffle
Do the shuffle y'all do the shuffle(x4)
(my man)

Silla is a dog at this, the rap Cujo
Half of the star spanglin', dynamic duo
You may not know me no but you will later
My crew is about to blow up like inflators
So when you tryin to shine got flyin to eclipse
Yesterday had no kicks but today they on our dick
See a southern in the block spittin politics
Attempting to rub elbows and have us pop flicks
Getting in the mix don't even know the recipe
You know my aptitude there's no need for testing me
Just move along now ain't nothing to see here
We got this baby and we gonna be here
And if we wanna knuckles we know how to hussle
Let you never see us out in the spot, got plenty politics
Keep it cool at whatever even while we struggle
Star shine, star and an S sign yo we still shuffle y'all
Do the shuffle ya'll do the shuffle(x4)
Do we talk about the money we got? (oh no)
Talk about the people we shot? (oh no)
Bragg on the clothes we wear? (oh no)
Do you think what we saying' is fair? (oh yea)
Do my crew rock the mic for days? (oh yea)
Do my crew keep it live on stage? (oh yea)
Do Binary Star got the flow? (oh yea)
Don't these wack emcees got to go? (oh yea)
Do the shuffle ya'll do the shuffle(x4)
(I'm doin it) (everbody do the shuffle)
I tell ya I don't mind shufflingEmbed