Around Again LyricsOkay! Alright
Turn your light on, off again
You know you shouldn't but, then again
Just let it come, you're not just stuck in a rut
You get the feeling you're wasting your time
Whole generations lost anyway
I was worse, it gave it away
Go slow, go slow, go slow, go slow
Turn your light on, off again
I know I shouldn't but, then again
Hey friend, you got a mansion, you wish you had a song
Hey friend, you're a poet, you knew it all along
Every night is like sleeping with a stone in your bed
There are some things you can't push away
Go slow, go slow, go slow, go slow
I'm coming up! I'm coming up!
But then a feeling creeps up again
Yeah it's coming, it's coming!
Okay, I get it, I know where you want me
But what's in it for me? I'm looking for something
Look at my hands, my chest, my face
I'll take a ride, I don't care where it's going
Turn your light off, on again
Yeah, there's something up ahead
It's coming, yeah, I hear it
Yeah, it's coming, yeah, it's coming!
What about this is natural, what's wrong with being wrong?
What the hell would right even look like?
Every night, it's about sleeping with a stone in my bed
There are some things you can't push away
Whatever's calling, forget it, I lost it
Too much of nothing is just how I found it
All that I'm reading is baseless and lying, yeah well
Everyone around me shouts take, take take, take or
Go slow, go slow, go slow, go slow
It's coming, it's coming, I hear it, it's coming
Why is it that you can't stare into the sun but you can stick your head into a bucket of water and breathe in deep?
We have reached the intermission
We have reached the intermission
And the Lord is in attendance
And the Lord is in attendance
We have reached the intermission
We have reached the intermission
We can ask him all our questions
We can ask him all our questions, I know I will
Like, "are we halfway there yet?"
Or, "are we lost forever?"
Are we lost forever?
Okay
We have reached the intermission
And time to ask the questions
Like "have we lost the rhythm?"
Yeah, have we lost the rhythm?
Are we halfway there yet?
Is it the same distance forward and back again?
Or are we there already?
Are we there already?
We've just lost the rhythm
Yeah, have we lost the rhythm?
Can we wake up and start again?
Have we lost the rhythm?Embed