Jughead Lyrics
Keep it nice and quiet, keep it nice and quiet
What the hell was that?
(Hey y'all, I thought we bust this new hype before)
All across the land
(New dance commercial take two)
Rio, Marbella-we getting stupid
Ha, Germany, Paris,France-we getting stupid
Yeah, Stockholm, Sweden, we love ya

Let me shed, it's easier said code red
Bust the new groove just hyped for the jughead
Bass thumping everybody's doing the bumping
Oops, I slipped on a move
I think it's time to bust something
Sleazy, but cool and easy
("Is this the right one?")
Yeah - this is for the hood
Better keep it greasy
Better yet on a smooth tip
I don't wanna sweat
I want my slimmie to get with this
Move your head and shoulders from side to side
Take your back foot, and then you let it slide
Yo, in a fade motion, lots of attitude, coast to coast
Then you're floating homeboys boasting
You made his skeeze freeze
You've been chosen, P
Ladies and gentlemen, N.P.G introduces the...
Jughead (jughead)
Yeah, we getting funky in the house tonight
Kicking the jughead (doing the jughead)
Come on, get stupid, get stupid
Kicking the jughead (jughead)
Oh yeah, we getting funky in the house tonight
Kicking the jughead, yeah (doing the jughead)
Wait a minute, what's he doing? (get stupid, get stupid)

Well, mack daddy in the house over there
What you doing dawg?
("Getting busy G, kicking the jughead")
Yeah, baby's getting busy in my face
Cold housing a future
Everything has been well placed
This daddy's to fly
He bust the jughead as he floats to the other side
U watch the rotation, there's a bit of hesitation
This is some new hype stuff you're facing

You gotta come with a new git
The j-u-g-h-e-a-d, and i'm flowing with it
You could say I'm on a roll
Npg and y'all, and we're getting bold, oh
Yes - bold steps must be taken
To bump a nation their scrutiny is what I'm facing
As you pump the volume to what i'm saying
You'd catch me dead before you catch me
Doing anything but the...
Jughead (jughead)
Yeah, we getting funky in the house tonight
Kicking the jughead (doing the jughead)
Get stupid, get stupid
Kicking the jughead (jughead)
Yo, yo, we getting funky in the house tonight
Kicking the jughead, ha ha (doing the jughead)
(Get stupid, get stupid)

Don't worry if you're looking silly
Look over here at me, working for willie (check it out man, check it out)
Getting busy in the corner (oh yes, is that levi?!)
Holding my own - you think i'm posing
I'm just frozen on an upbeat
Clocking a freak in a low pro
You know - discreet
Baby was laughing
But before a "no" was even said
She's on the dance floor
Next beat kicking the jughead (jughead)
Yeah - (get funky in the house tonight)
Get funky
Kicking the jughead (doing the jughead)
(come on, come on)
Get stupid, get stupid
Kicking the jughead (well, jughead)
What's up with that?
(This one's mine, t) (get funky in the house tonight)
Huh, i thought so, yeah (jughead)
(Get stupid, get stupid)
Yo - margaya (jughead)
Yeah - we getting funky (get funky in the house tonight)
Yeah - say rio - yeah, (doing the jughead)
What about new york? - yeah (get stupid, get stupid)
La? - yeah (well, jughead)
Get funky - yeah (get funky in the house tonight)
Atlanta, GA- yeah (doing the jughead)
We getting funky in the house tonight (get stupid, get stupid)
Yeah, homey, kick it just like that
Yeah, homey, kick it just like that
Yeah, homey, kick it just like that (yeah)
Yeah, homey, kick it just like that
Yeah, homey, kick it just like that (go)
Yeah, homey, kick it just like that (go)
Yeah, homey, kick it just like that
Yeah, homey, kick it just like that

(Jughead)
Boy, we getting international
In the house (getting funky in the house tonight)
That's right
We getting international
In the house
We want this one to go worldwide
Huh, that's right worldwide
Not state-side
Give it up...

M... P... L... S...
Who turn the mother out?
Who turn the mother out?
Oh yeah - that's what I'm saying (get funky)
That's what i'm saying
That's what i'm saying
Who turn the mother out?
That's what i'm saying
(Tony, you were excellent) that's what I'm saying
(What you need is a manager) that's what i'm saying

For what?
(I can make you...) Money minders are like parasites
They pose and wheelers and dealers for your rights. And most companies say that you need em!
(Not me...) But i've kicked back, observed, and (I'm honest...) Watched 'em bleed 'em, Artists young and old
(I can bring you to the top!) Where'd this unwritten law come from anyway?
That years after the contract you should still be getting paid? Boy, I go broke and hit the skids before i take care of a rich sucker's kids. Hell (My contract...) A contract ain't no pension plan
(My contract...) Years after this my kids are still gonna make the grand
(Tony, you...) And you laugh at my brother Little Richard when he says you ain't gave him nothing
(Let's leave him out of this) hell, that ain't no joke, his songs are still selling, and that man could die broke
So fellow artists (You need me...) Push for yours, and watch for
Mr. Money minder, as we settle the score
(Tony...)Embed