ARE U HAPPY? Lyrics
And "You're With Me Tonight," take one
There will come a time in your life
When you will ask yourself a series of questions
"Am I happy with who I am?"
(Am I happy with who I am?)
"Am I happy with the people around me?"
(Am I happy with the people around me?)
"Am I happy with what I am doing?"
(Am I happy with what I am doing?)
"Am I happy with the way my life is going?"
(Am I happy with the way my life is going?)
"Do I have a life?"
(Do I have a life?)
"Or am I just living?"
(Or am I just living?)
Do not let these questions restrain or trouble you
If you haters wanna rumble, bring your anna to the door
Just point yourself in the direction of your dreams
Ho, you know how you can get me, you can catch me at a show
Find your strength in the sound and make your transition
If you haters wanna rumble, bring your anna to the door
(Ease your trouble)
Huh, huh, huh (Will I die?)
If you got it, I'm the one that's yelling "Sike!"
Bring your anna to the door
Huh, huh, huh, huh
All of my music is Mission: Impossible
I made these normies believe in a vet (Yeah)
Crackers be thinking these lines are deplorable
They just be mad 'cause I aim for they neck, wait
(Ease your trouble)
Mad 'cause I aim for they—
They just be mad 'cause I still get respect
Even when I got my foot on they—wait, bars
Feel like I'm raiding they room
Crackers be yellin' out, "MTV next" (Woo)
Rip up a deal, settled for less
You can tell Craig I doubled it back (Uh)
Doubled it, doubled it, doubled it back (Ease your trouble)
Nah, what? Uh (Make your transition)
Working is hard, it's easy to hate
Scraping the plate, I get it
But homie, I can't relate
These off-ass beats got me blue in the face in the face
R.I.P. DOOM, through the villain I'm raised
Giving these beats to pussy and cases only
(Ease your trouble)

Haga tu transición
Huh, huh, huh, uh
You not gon' rattle this nigga
Young Peg in the clutch turn to Damian Lillard
I made it out poverty richer
You heard one of my songs and got triggered
We ain't got the same type of issues (Ease your trouble)
The text green, are you jealous or mental?
So unoriginal, you gon' have to Awkwafina the accent if you want to trend
All of my hate come from weak-ass men
With their weak-ass hoes and their woke-ass friends
I come with the truth, I make 'em go bitch
I'm baiting these incels to meet with the clipse (Ease your trouble)
Dirty

Make your transition
Make your trans—
There will be people who say you can't
There will be people who will say
"You don't mix this with that"
And you will say, "Watch me" (Watch me)
(Ease your trouble)
If you haters wanna rumble
Bring your ana to the door
Ho, you know how you can get me
You can catch me at a sh—
If you haters wanna rumble
I got my own fire (Ease your trouble)
You can catch me at a show
This is how I represent
Bring your ana to the door
Ho, you know how you can get me
You can catch me at a sh—
If you haters wanna rumble
I got my own fire (Ease your trouble)
If you haters wanna rumble
Nada más que júntate en la dirección de tus sueños
Encuentra fuerza en el sonido2Embed