DAM! DAM! DAM! Lyrics
Some of you niggas ain't like that
So I-I-I can't, I can't ever say nothin' to you
You know, I just gotta sum you up
You know, you a, you a sum up type
Round you niggas up to one lil' thing, you know, gotta address
You know what I'm sayin'?
Put you in a bucket, dump the fuckin' fire
Damn

Damn, damn, I feel like the new black Hen' Rollins
Niggas studyin' my footwork, I'm James Harden
Bitch, who it? (Who it?)
Where you goin'? (Uh, come here)
I thought I told your ass already I ain't from here (Facts)
And, yeah, we gotta drive to La La and you know why
I gotta go and hurry through New Jersey, can't pump there (No)
Babe (Babe), I'm such a negative bitch (Why?)
My friends turned on me, then I turned rich (Pshh)
Sodom, Gomorrah, I turned back, they still talkin' shit, damn
Hold my hand (Yeah), all my ex-ex-fans (That's right)
I promise (Yeah), I swear the baby need some body and a new header (Uh-huh)
I did **** like, "Of course I could do better" (Of course, what else? Uh)

Gotta take more shots, get a good lead
Keep takin' them shots 'til the rim bleed
'Til I succeed, work like Little Steve
Workin' all day, I don't take no sick leave
In my sleep, hear click beats
Gotta keep swimmin' 'til that motherfuckin' ship leak
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh, what? Uh, what? Uh, what? Uh, what?
Your bitch is just fuckin' whoever (Yeah)
I fuck her, she's yours, she let him (Okay)
Damn, is this the price of havin' fans?
Babe, I'm so precise, I'm always planned (Ayy, what the fuck?)
And Afro Thunder with these hands, uh (Yeah)
On your head, gon' be some— (Sheesh)
On my head must be some bands, huh? (Yeah)
Gucci Mane, I think I love her
Yeah, Danny Swain, I think I love her
And big nose in that **** (Ah)
I feel like Andre Iguodala (Facts)
Yeah, the money put me in a trance (Yeah)
What? The label got me nudgin' stems
Wait, I need way more than that for an advance (Oh, yeah)
Play with my money, shit won't go as planned (For sure, sure)

Gotta take more shots, get a good lead
Keep takin' them shots 'til the rim bleed
'Til I succeed, work like Little Steve
Workin' all day, I don't take no sick leave
In my sleep, hear click beats
Gotta keep swimmin' 'til that motherfuckin' ship leak
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh, what? Uh, what? Uh, what? Uh, what?
Oh, it's just, man, fuck that
I just gotta let you know
I probably shouldn't be talkin' like this, but
It's fine2Embed