REBOUND! Lyrics
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, you know, the truth is the truth, you know?
Yeah, uh, uh
Huh, huh

When I look at your shit, I'm like, "Huh?"
When I look at my shit, I'm like, "Ah"
Wave cap got me feelin' like Guapdad
All I do is respond, "How am I mad?"
It gets funny the more that you front (That you front)
'Fore you click, make sure it's what you want

Why would I pray for your health? (Yeah)
Baby, I pray for myself
Why would I pay for your pics, boo? (Yeah)
I'm fuckin' somebody else (Uh)
I'm fuckin' somebody better (Yeah)
You **** just fuckin' whoever (Yeah, yeah)

(Get it)
I don't understand, man, niggas don't think I have eyes (Wet it)
Niggas think I don't have еars, man (Haha)
Uh, D-zero-N-O-T fuck with me, baby, I can't be stoppеd for real (Ooh)
Last nigga tried me broke and lyin', baby, I heard this man got grilled (I heard)
Look at the preacher and look at the spiel
Swear on the bible, I keep it concealed
Kissed with no roses, I left 'em like SEAL (Ah), huh

Why would I pray for your health? (Huh)
Baby, I pray for myself (Yeah)
Why would I pay for your pics, boo?
I'm fuckin' somebody else (For real)
I'm fuckin' somebody better
You **** just fuckin' whoever

Yeah, I'm over the top, uh
I get to buildin' off all of the energy built by the opps, uh
I get to aimin' the flame and the banger gon' mangle his top, uh
Full Metal Jacket, rappin' smackin' harder than soap in a sock, uh
Key be to lock, I'm meaner than most, I cleaned up the flow with a broom and a mop
Flow ain't a prop, snake rockin' next to me, I drew the line on the side like I'm Brock
Speakin' of Brock, line to your face
Copied and paste, left not a trace, you gotta taste
Shit would've been a Zoom meeting 'cause I would've boxed up his face (Uh), wait
How you talk shit and get caught with no pole?
How you still up and coming? You old
Fuck your mama, brother, sister, and niece
Baby, you failed, try to find a new goal
We know that **** buying that tar
We know you love to put teens behind bars
**** hires think it's cute when they sneak
When we catch him, we gon' pull him apart
It's ugh, it's that way
Countin' money, your **** in an ashtray
Gettin' death threats every week (Uh)
From some pussies that y'all never see
First your daddy got rolled in a Sweet (Oh, yeah)
Then you came to my show and got beat (Oh, yeah)
It's so funny, you try work it out
When y'all niggas can't even stay on beat, huh

It's crazy
Fix that verse, man, you Wizard of Oz rappin' motherfucker
Look, huh

All them threats be makin' me hard (It's hard)
Opposite of who you really be (For real)
All that shit that you did to your girl
I just wish that you'd do it to me
He told me to stop dissin' his kin (Huh?)
Oops, I did it again (My bad, shut your bitch ass up)
Did you know that your **** is dead?
Know it hurts that you missin' your friend (Phew)
Know I'm selfish as shit, niggas know that I'm petty
You know we got beef and you know that I'm winning (Know it hurts)
Niggas named after baking soda, but ain't never touched no fuckin' coke in your city
Pretendin', thanks to me that bullshit endin'
Heard your tape, glad I didn't get a mention
'Cause you know how that would've ended, huh
Internet think I been playin' with shit (Huh)
You know I'll bitch you in front of your kids
Know you a ****, I plan on confrontin' you
Show up in class, I ain't packin' no Lunchable, nigga
Oh my God6Embed