TIRED, NERVOUS & BROKE! (SICK, NERVOUS AND BROKE!) Lyrics

You think you—
Complete
Kurt
Man

Why the fuck you say that shit you say if you ain't mean it?
I don't believe it
She bumpin' Brent but she black as Ben Carson (Yeah-yeah)
Back in the bricks, I was givin' dick to all my sergeants (Yeah-yeah)
I know you mad 'cause your friends ain't no Gs (Not at all)
And we got straps as big as Dugg in my apartment (One, one)
Keep it on the hip, when I load the clip I'ma blow the cartridge (Bah)
And aim that heat at your garments, boy

What about that shit you said them years when I was broke? (Yeah)
And what about buyin' a ticket to get beat up at my show? (Yeah, yeah)
The opposition sick of me, tired, nervous, and broke (Word)
You thought that I forgot but bitch, I'm never letting go
I got 'em on the ropes (Huh?)
Hit him hard, swing it left and get 'em gone (Uh)
Pick him up, dust him off, give him some more (Uh)
All my opps sick, tired, nervous, and broke
And they still take me as some j— (Man, huh?)
Now, are you feelin' me, baby, or do you need it more?
I keep straight faces like Casey whenever I'm in court
I can't keep making fire, I never pass the torch (Yeah)
Lil' Bruce Wayne, I'm so special with it
Beyond your reach tryna big up all these Terry McGinnis
Black Canelo puttin' on a clinic (Yeah)
They don't know how I'm doin' it, still stuck on how I did it, weak
I wish I would sidechain that kick to a beat, bitch, please
That's shit you need, bum!
Complete
Hmm

Why the fuck I'm still here walking 'round if you a demon?
See? (Mm-mm) I don't believe it (Not at all)
When I shoot my shit, I don't never miss, bet I hit hit my target (Yeah-yeah)
And they gonna learn quick, I'm the wrong nigga to start with it (Yeah-yeah)
I know why you hate, 'cause you don't feel safe in your own apartment (Nah)
I know why you hate, 'cause you know you lame even though you balling (Shake it up)
Yeah, I see the bitch in you niggas, I know that's common (Uh)
The money can't change how a bitch nigga started (Shake it up)
End up makin' threats (Yeah), start off paying homage (Shocked)
Caught for possession, I feel like Sarah McLachlan (Brrah)
Bitch, drop your nuts, I'm tired of tweetin' and talking
Pretty socks, big Glocks, bitch, I'm with the nonsense, come here
Uh

What about that shit you said that year when I was broke? (Yeah)
And what about buyin' a ticket to get beat up at my show? (Yeah, yeah)
The opposition sick of me, tired, nervous, and broke (Word)
You thought that I forgot but bitch, I'm never letting go
I got 'em on the rope (Huh?)
Hit him hard, swing it left and get him gone (Uh)
Pick him up, dust him off, give him some more (Uh)
All my opps sick, tired, nervous, and broke
And they still take me as some j— (Man, huh?)
Now, are you feelin' me, baby, or do you need it more?
I kiss their faces like Casey whenever I'm in court
I can't keep making fire, I never pass the torch (Yeah)
Lil' Bruce Wayne, I'm so special with it
Beyond your reach tryna big up all these Terry McGinnis
Black Canelo puttin' on a clinic (Yeah)
They don't know how I'm doin' it, still stuck on how I did it, weak
Uh
Uh


No, no, no, hahaha
You know it's so close, next to anything
I'm like, "Where'd that go?"
Man, that album is fire
It has some wack shit on there, but man
It has some shit on there that's just like, woo
There's a song on there that's actually too ****
Really?
Yeah, they had to make **** fucking versions to take it off
It was just like too ****
It just can't be stomached by the...
No, no, it was like the first track
I was like, "Oh my God"
I like it, but I was like
So okay, let's do that again
Yeah
It's just the whole thing, so just sing with me

You're selfish like me
It's why we get along famously
It's too late for me, baby
I don't wanna be sold out, baby
I don't wanna be stressed out for profit
I don't wanna be gone that long
Okay, you'll get yours and I'll get mine
You'll get yours and I'll get mine
And then like
You can alternate any of those, whatever you want
Okay, hold on7Embed