The Salmon Dance Lyrics
Hello, boys and girls, my name is Fatlip
And this is my friend, Sammy the Salmon (What it do?)
Today, we're gonna teach you some fun facts about salmon
And a brand new dance

Let me introduce to you a brand new dance
I know you're gonna love it if you give it one chance
It's not complicated, it's not too hard
You don't even have to be a hip-hop star
See anyone can do it, all you need is style
Listen up, peep game, I'ma show you how
Put your hands to the side, as silly as it seems
And shake your body like a salmon floating up stream

I'll float up stream
(You know how we do it, you know how we do it)
Again

All my peeps spend part of their life in freshwater
And part of their life in saltwater
Wow, very interesting
We change 'round a couple of days after spawning, then we die
When I first did the salmon, all the people just laughed
They looked around and stood like I was on crack
I heard somebody say out loud, "What the fuck is that?
This nigga's dancing like a fish, while he's doing The Snap"
But the more I kept doing it, the more they were feeling it
And then I heard some bitches say, "Yo, that nigga's killing it"
By the end of the night, everyone was on my team
And the whole club was dancing like a salmon floating up stream

I'll float up stream
(You know how we do it, you know how we do it)
Again

Most of our friends find their home waters by sense of smell
Which is even more keen than that of a dog or a bear
Wow!
My family also rely on ocean currents, tides (Uh-huh)
Gravitational pull of the moon (I'll float up stream)
The moon? Fish pay attention to the moon?!
Wow! Who knew? (Again)
Did you know...
What?
...that I could go to Japan and back?
You're kidding me! Amazing... geez
Polluted water can kill both baby salmon that are developing
And the adult salmon that are on their way to spawn
Wow, what a shame, what a shame
Huh? Whoa!
Wow, hey, kids, hey, give it up for Sammy the Salmon
And his amazing Salmon Dance
Huh, what do you say? Alright
Who's hungry?4Embed