Drama Queen Lyrics
Chika pow! Don't shoot me down!
Oh, no! How low can you go?
You're so dramatic
You're so dramatic

Driving fast you get to work, Queen is there just being a jerk
She running her mouth a million miles an hour
She's talking trash, it's going sour
That stuff that makes you hurt, cut you down like you hit the dirt
Say, she's got that diva thing, that D-I-V-A, diva thing. Say!
Why can't you say you're sorry, for treating me so naughty
Just want an apology, is that against your personal theology?
What'd I do to deserve this? How'd I get on your bad list?
Just want to make it right
Please, Queen! Please! Let's not fight
Let's not fight, let's not fight, I don't want a fight tonight
You had your chance to right your wrong
Can't we all just get along?

You go and talk behind my back
Don't you know that's wack?
It's a personal attack, oooh, snap!
Some friend you are to me, you're Miss Personality
Are you blind to see? You're such a drama queen
You're so dramatic
Fresh off the chopping block, she cut me deep and it hurts a lot
She hit me with the best shot, and never gave a second thought
That's too much drama for me momma
Why do you like to stir it?
When I get near you trow fits
You cry, "Oh me, me, me." Ain't you got no decency?
You dish it out, I take it
I wish you'd just stop faking
In your mind, your grass is green
But I know you'se a drama queen
(Your) You're such a
(Such) You're such a
(A drama queen) You're such a
You're such a drama queen

You go and talk behind my back
Don't you know that's wack?
It's a personal attack, ooooh, snap!
Some friend you are to me, you're Miss Personality
Are you blind to see? You're such a drama queen
You're so dramatic

She a drama queen, if you know what I mean
She'll get under the skin and make you scream
Oww, drama queen
I need a vaccine 'cause you so mean
You got a disease I don't need
And it pays no heed to get it
So you better quit it
'Cause a friend in need is a friend indeed
And you ain't that
You's a drama queen
Emphatic, dramatic, you're like a psychosomatic
You're always so problematic
Your drama is cinematic
There's no comparison to the damage you've done
But you've only begun with your hit and runs
You go and talk behind my back
Don't you know that's wack?
Here's a personal attack, ooooh, snap!
Some friend you are to me, you're Miss Personality
Are you blind to see? You're such a drama queen
You're so dramatic
You're so dramatic-maticEmbed