Queen of Denmark Lyrics
I wanted to change the world
But I could not even change my underwear
And when the shit got really, really out of hand
I had it all the way up to my hairline
Which keeps receding like my self-confidence
As if I ever had any of that stuff anyway
I hope I didn't destroy your celebration
Or your Bat Mitzvah, birthday party or your Christmas
You put me in this cage and threw away the key
It was this 'us and them' shit that did me in
You tell me that my life is based upon a lie
I casually mention that I pissed in your coffee
I hope you know that all I want from you is sex
To be with someone who looks smashing in athletic wear
And if your haircut isn't right, you'll be dismissed
You'll get your walking papers and "You can leave now."

I don't know what to want from this world
I really don't know what to want from this world
I don't know what it is you want to want from me
You really have no right to want anything from me at all
Why don't you take it out on somebody else?
Why don't you bore the shit out of somebody else?
Why don't you tell somebody else that they're selfish
A weakling, coward, a pathetic fraud?
Who's gonna be the one to save me from myself?
You'd better bring a stun gun and perhaps a crowbar
You'd better pack a lunch and get up really early
And you should probably get down on your knees and pray
It's really fun to look embarrassed all the time
Like you could never cut the mustard with the big boys
I really don't know who the fuck you think you are
Can I please see your license and your registration?

I don't know what to want from this world
I really don't know what to want from this world
I don't know what it is you want to want from me
You really have no right to want anything from me at all
Why don't you take it out on somebody else?
Why don't you bore the shit out of somebody else?
Why don't you tell somebody else that they're selfish
A weakling, coward, a pathetic fraud?

So Jesus hasn't come in here to pick you up
You'll still be sitting right here ten years from now
You're just a sucker, but we'll see who gets the last laugh
Who knows? Maybe you'll get to be the next queen of Denmark1Embed