Live at the Apollo Raw Vocal Lyrics
I'm Jam Master Jay! Adidas, WBLS and Rush Productions presents
A fund-raising appearance by the kings of rap'n'roll...
 Again

I'm Jam Master Jay! Adidas, WBLS, and Rush Production, presents
A fund-raising appearance by the kings of rap'n'roll...
Live at the Apollo Theater, April 19th, two shows, 7 and 11
 Alright let's do that again, #8
 Take your time Jay, you sound like you rushin
 You gotta rush, we only got 60 seconds to say a lot of shit
 #8

What's up New York? My name is Jam Master Jay
And I'm here to say that Adidas, WBLS, and Rush Productions presents
A fund-raising appearance by the kings of rap'n'roll...
Live at the Apollo Theater, April 19th, two shows, 7 and 11 P.M
 Alright cool.. {*long pause*}.. #10
What's up New York? My name is Jam Master Jay
And I'm here to say... that Adidas, WBLS, and Rush Productions
Present a fund-raising appearance, by the kings of rap, Run-D.M.C. {*laughing*}
 Let's do it again, uhh #11
 I thought I had it right man, here we go
 11
 What's up New York?
 Let's do one more Joe, 14

Yo whattup? This is Run! And me and my man D.M.C., gon' be bustin new jams LIKE... (THIS!)
 Take 15

Special guest, the Beastie Boys!
Tickets 5, 10, 18 and 25 dollars
With special box seats, at 30 dollars
Pick 'em up at the Apollo Theater box office, or ticket censors {*laughs*}
 Ticket outlets, TicketMaster outlets
 TicketMaster outlets!
 This'll be take 16
Yo, Andre, are you sure they gonna
BLS ain't gonna give us no, no beef about...
 16

Special guest, the Beastie Boys!
Tickets 5, 10, 18 and 25 dollars
With special box seats, at 30 dollars
Pick 'em up at the Apollo Theater box office
Or, TicketMaster centers, fuck it!
 Outlets, now let's do one more, for safe keeping
 FUCK THAT!
 19, one more time
 Damn Steve!
 24

If you buy your ticket at the TicketMaster outlet
On East 8th Street at American Video
Get free roundtrip bus transportation from downtown
Courtesy of Vinylmania - and hold onto your ticket stubs
For the official afterparty, at the World Disco
2nd Street and Avenue C
Your admission to the World is free with your Apollo ticket stub
Courtesy of the East Village Eye
 33

Don't forget, Run-D.M.C. and the Beastie Boys
Saturday night on April 19th
7 and 11 at the Apollo Theater as...
{THE DEF JAM SERIES, ROCKS ON}1Embed