20 Dollar Nose Bleed Lyrics
Have you ever wanted to disappear?
And join a monastery, go out and preach on Manic Street?
Who will I be when I wake up next to a stranger
On a passenger plane? (Passenger plane)

Oh, permanent jet lag, please take me back (Please take me back)
Please take me back, oh ohh, I'm a stray dog
Sick, please let me in (Please let me in), the mad key's
Tripping, singing vows before we exchange smoke rings

Give me a pen, call me Mr. Benzedrine
But don't let the doctor in, I wanna blow off steam
And call me Mr. Benzedrine (Mr. Benzedrine)
But don't let the doctor, don't let the doctor in

It feels like fourteen carats, but no clarity, when I look at the
Man who would be king, the man who would be king
Goes to the desert, the same war his dad rehearsed
Came back with flags on coffins and said, "We won, oh, we won"

Permanent jet lag, please take me back (Please take me back)
Please take me back, oh ooh, I'm a stray dog
Sick, please let me in (Please let me in), the mad key's
Tripping, singing vows before we exchange smoke rings
Give me a pen, call me Mr. Benzedrine
But don't let the doctor in, I wanna blow off steam
And call me Mr. Benzedrine (Mr. Benzedrine)
But don't let the doctor (ooh), don't let the doctor in (ooh)

Ba ba ba ba Benzedrine, bla bla bla Benzedrine
Ba ba ba ba ba Benzedrine, ahh
Ba ba ba ba Benzedrine, bla bla bla Benzedrine
Ba ba ba ba ba Benzedrine, ahh

Only one book really matters, the rest
Of the proof is on the television, on the

Woo! Call me Mr. Benzedrine
But don't let the doctor in, I want to blow off steam
Call me Mr. Benzedrine (Mr. Benzedrine)
But don't let the doctor, don't let the doctor in, oh, uh huh, ooh

Have you ever wanted to disappear?
It's not me, it's you
Actually, it's the taxidermy of you and me
Untie the balloons from around my neck
And ground me
I'm just a racehorse on the track
Send me back to the glue factory
Always thought I'd float away
And never come back
But I've got enough miles on my card
To fly the boys home on my own
But you know me, I like being all alone
And keeping you all alone
And the charts are boring, and the kids are snoring
And my ego's in a sling
You say you're not listening and I said I'm wishing
And I said... I said!45Embed