What a Catch, Donnie Lyrics
I got troubled thoughts and the self-esteem to match
What a catch, what a catch, whoa...

You'll never catch us, so just let me be
Said, "I'll be fine 'til the hospital or American embassy"

Miss Flack said, "I still want you back"
Yeah, Miss Flack said, "I still want you back"

I got troubled thoughts and the self-esteem to match
What a catch, what a catch
And all I can think of is the way I'm the one who charmed the one
Who gave up on you, who gave up on you, oh, whoa

They say the captain goes down with the ship
So when the world ends, will God go down with it?

Miss Flack said, "I still want you back"
Yeah, Miss Flack said, "I still want you back"
I got troubled thoughts and the self-esteem to match
What a catch, what a catch
And all I can think of is the way I'm the one who charmed the one
Who gave up on you, who gave up on you

What a catch, what a catch, what a catch, what a catch, whoa...
I will never end up like him
Behind my back, I already am
Keep a calendar, this way you will
Always know

I said, I got troubled thoughts and the self-esteem to match
What a catch, what a catch
And all I can think of is the way I'm the one who charmed the one
Who gave up on you, who gave up on you

Where is your boy tonight?
I hope he is a gentleman
Maybe he won't find out what I know
You were the last good thing about this part of town...
We're going down, down in an earlier round
And sugar, we're goin' down swinging
I'll be your number one with a bullet
A loaded god complex, cock it and pull it...
Dance, dance, we're falling apart to halftime
Dance, dance, and these are the lives you'd love to lead
Dance, this is the way they'd love
If they knew how misery loved me...
This ain't a scene, it's a goddamn arms race
This ain't a scene, it's a goddamn arms race...
One night, yeah and one more time
Thanks for the memories, even though they weren't so great
He tastes like you
Only sweeter...
Growing up
Growing up...
I got troubled thoughts and the self-esteem to match
What a catch, what a catch32Embed