Alright Hear This Lyrics
Alright, you're scratching it right now
Cuttin' the record back and forth against the needle
Back and forth, back and forth, makin' it scratch
But let me tell you something
Don't try it at home with your dad's stereo
Only under hip-hop supervision, alright?

Alright, hear this
So you wanna be the emcee, huh?
Alright, hear this
So you wanna be the emcee, huh?

Because I grab the microphone and I pick it up
And then I fuck it up and then I turn it in
And then I turn it out, got the body rockin' sound
And then you know I’m gonna get down
Eat a Scooby snack and take disco nap
Because I’m shopping at Sears, cause I don't buy at the Gap
Sending this one out to all the funky inspirations
Pretty Purdie on the drums with the beat relations (Yeah, yeah)
Well, I’m working on rhymes, they're coming line by line
Trying to put what I feel into word and rhymes
I've got a feeling coming on, I’ve got to make some shit
A little something stupid, for the twisted and sick
Because I drive like a maniac on the streets
And I don't give a fuck cause I’ve got the beats
Got my nuts swingin' from left to right and
Right to left and I’m death defying
Alright, hear this
So you wanna be the emcee, huh?
Alright, hear this
So you wanna be the emcee, huh?

I spin my fortune on a wheel like Sajak
Here's "The Payback;" Keep going strong, like since the way-back
I try to be myself but I lose track
Because the shit gets complicated, now I’ve got to get back
As we learn to breed love for one another
In these times of melding cultures
I give respect for what's been borrowed and lent
I know this music comes down from African descent
Because I don't need a magic potion
Let me talk about backfield in motion
My girls got cheeks for weeks and I’m happy
You know I’m a sneak like my old grand pappy
Well I gotta give thanks to my man, Archie Shepp
For staying true to inspiration and I don't half step
So I kick out the jams and tell you who I am
And I talk to the people like Les McCann

Alright, hear this
So you wanna be the emcee, huh?
Alright, hear this
So you wanna be the emcee, huh?
Alright, hear this
(...)
Alright, hear this

I ask God for a rhyme or two
A little somethin' for the wise as well as the fool
A little somethin' to effect a little taste of change
For the together and strong as well as the deranged
I'll do you right like Bobby Knight
And then I’m rappin’ on the mic to the Broadway light
Stomp my hands, I clap my feet and
I'm buggin' off Yusef Lateef
I got a match to my ass and I’ma keep it lit
And well I need to get some cash, call my accountant Britt
I'm rushin' around town takin' care of my functions
Always got one more thing so forget about function
We create this world and the problems go on
Create our lives and the things that go wrong
So to the deaf, the blind look around and listen
To what it is you want and for what you're wishin'

Alright, hear this (Yeah)
So you wanna be the emcee, huh?
Alright, hear this
So you wanna be the emcee, huh?
Alright, hear this1Embed