Alicia Quays Lyrics
Mother talks to you like nothing is better
Than you going out on a Tuesday
Well, I'm not sure what to do
But man, I swear, man, I'm slaving far away and, uh
Why is it that always on the weekend
No one ever about to shout?
Are people working too hard, or drinking too hard?
The matter of the fact, I'ma never quite sure of
And they blaze it down and pull yourself up
And pull yourself right to the hook, shook men crooks
Never go nowhere with me 'cause I'm all on my own, no pity
Spit like guilty mans in the sermon
Grooving around of this place like you never did learn 'em
I shake myself down, I rattle myself out
And put myself on the line to dry
And why is it New Year's Eve is always shit?
Don't you know what I mean, man? Deal with it
It's always just the way we rolling
Your girl's that fucked off a Smirnoff Ice
I think once, twice or thrice never makes no difference to me
A skinny little white runt with the head lice
Never been better than money
Never been not at the start in this city
I've always been around this town
Since the first day I was born
And I've been losing frequencies and losing sound
And losing everything and I squander it all, and
I've been hit up, I've been around
I've been in the dancehall since the first day in town
And I still been beating, cheating
Falling to the floor when kids are kicking
I've been a-bleeding, I've been a-losing
Well, are you man a-born for the choosing?
And if you ain't better
A la-la-listen up the test as I start, man, impress ya
And if you ain't losing, well, then you ain't grooving
I'll still be down here on the low-key
Send your girl over and she'll blatantly chat to me
I been over, I been over
You've been down and you've been down
Now I've been all but I'm moving
All around the town, all around and around
I've been grooving, I've been losing
I've been all around choosing
And now I'm back for the challenge
Who wants a challenge? Well, I want ya more

Now I'm on my train
Life in the fast lane never gave me no game
And then the man says, "Wakey, wakey"
It's morning time on the Northern line
I'm all like bowling straight up to Camden
All the way from your Farringdon
I wanna make sure I'm a bit tired
I now realise that inciting a riot
To one stone's throw and too much dough
And all my mans are sniffing up too much blow
And I'ma thinking, oh, why I'd never
I'll sever it up before I think about forever and I
I chat it back to the people I used to know
Kick it back 'cause I'm rolling it solo
And why not, what's to the beef?
And no one really knows me, so no one hits the teeth, uh
I chat it back like you've never been a thief, I'm a thriller
Licence to ill, that be settin' up a killer, killer, killer
Ah, what you killer? Never know me, ha
It's all that chat back and too much of that never rack
I kick it back like a bitch-slap right to myself in the mirror
I kick it back thinner, maybe my shirt don't fit no more
A hardcore man think he can fight up the law
While shackled to the tenants
Now he never work no more for the flow, dedication to Wario
And now it's me back to the further
Now it comes back looser than ever
And some kids, they think them get better
They think they're trend setters
But they never pacemakers, and
What am I? What am I? What am I in my own dear eyes?
What am I? What am I? What am I in my own dear eyes?
What am I? What am I? What am I in my own dear eyes?
I say it so much, what am I? What am I? What am I?
What am I? Makes no sense no more
Woah, woah, woah, uh-oh, woah, woah, woah, woah
Woah, woah, woah, what am I?
Woah, woah, woah, da-da-dum
Woah, woah, woah, what am I?
Woah, woah, woah, woah
We-de-diddy-diddy, dum-dum-day

Uh, uh, uh, uh
It's like a march in here
Uh, uh, uh
From the left to the right, uh, stomp your feet
Uh, uh, uh, uh
It's like a march in here
Uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, people, stomp your feet
Uh, woah
It's like a march in here
Uh, people, stomp them feet
Woo, uh, yeah, hahaha, woo
It's like a march in here
Uh, people, stomp your feet
Some kids, they're chilling on corners
Out of order, I think them all be better
Tie your laces, rat races, hit the pages
Write your own books and write your own spellchecker
I'm on a better man, chilling in my own room
Assume to accumulate, to shake to sedate
Drink it down much quicker
I glug-glug-glug on my liquor and I feel much better
So talk to me about violence
Never know me, I sit further in silence
And when I drink it down, I drink it up
It fills my body and I feel fresher
I tick up the tester, regulator
I'm a two-man, shooting, looting
Now I'm presuming that everyone knowing me
Ah, the dedication, my name a JT and I
Roll it down, roll it down
Who wants to hit yourselves up?
Who's got the uppers?
Ah, give 'em here, then I'm done
Ha, click your fingers
Uh, can you smell that, it lingers?
She's a fat bitch but I'd still give her... one
Ooh, I'm a cheeky son
Where they from? Haha
Yeah, from your old London
Hectic, ah-la-da-da-da-da-ah
That's me finished, see you later, Ciao Bella2Embed