Jiggery Pokery Lyrics'Twas the first test of The Ashes series 1993
Australia had only managed 289 and we
Felt all was going to plan, that first innings at Old Trafford
Then Merv Hughes and his handlebar moustache dismissed poor Athers
I took the crease to great applause and focused on me dinner
I knew that I had little cause to fear their young leg spinner
He loosened up his shoulders and with no run up at all
He rolled his right arm over and he let go of the ball
It was...
Jiggery pokery, trickery chokery, how did he open me up?
Robbery! Muggery! Aussie skull duggery, out for a buggering duck
What a delivery, I might as well have been holding a contrabassoon
Jiggery pokery, who was this nobody making me look a buffoon?
Like a blithering old baffoon...
At first the ball looked straight enough, I had it in my sights
But such was its rotation that it swerved out to the right
I thought "Well that's a leg break, that's easily defended"
So I stuck my left leg out and jammed my bat against it
But the ball it spun obscenely and out of the rough it jumped
Veered back across my bat and pad, clipping my off stump
It took a while to hit me, I momentarily lingered
But then I saw old Dickie Bird slowly raise his finger
It was...
Jiggery pokery, trickery chokery, how did he open me up?
Robbery! Muggery! Aussie skull duggery, out for a buggering duck
What a delivery, I might as well have been holding a childs balloon
Jiggery pokery, who was this nobody making me look a buffoon?
Like an accident prone babboon
Babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon
Babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon
Babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon
Babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon, babboon
How such a ball could be bowled, I don't know but if you asked me
If it had been a cheese roll it would never have got passed me
It was...
Jiggery pokery, trickery chokery, how did he open me up?
Robbery! Muggery! Aussie skull duggery, what in the buggery f...
Was his delivery, I might as well have been holding a cob of corn
Jiggery pokery, who was this nobody making me look so forlorn?
I hate Shane Warne!Embed