Ason Jones Lyrics
Word, I miss you, I miss the God
Word... a powerful brother, man, he was live

He was a powerful general
The smell from his breath was Ballantine
I think it was the year '89
He stayed the freshest, Polo boots
Wallys with them colorful 'Lo gooses
Coming from Medina, we boost
We up in A&S, slipping and dipping to Bedstuy
Native, he used to beatbox, thousands would listen
Yo, that's before, the Wu got on
Him and Allah Just' and RZA came to the Island one morn'
A nigga could dance to slow music, outdrink any nigga
On the benches, while we hitting reefer, he sold loosies
Five-foot-seven, a legend was born, Russell 'Ason" Jones
I know him for his braids and lessons
A wise man with knowledge 120
Kept a flag on his chest
A right hand, you quick, serving you Remy
Yo, let's toast to the fallen, lost forgotten
Aiyo, if niggas could hear me, then roll up some broccoli
Ason, the heart of a lion, a purified mind
The way he did it, with a mic and some wine
I would never forget the days we used to sit back
Days I be all up in the crib, listening, holding, align him and yo
I just miss this nigga
And now, I understand the meaning of love when I kiss the nigga
My name is Ol' Dirty Bastard, you know what I'm saying? I don't hide nothing back. I barely—I mean, I come from a family, man, of poor welfare, you know what I'm saying? When I came out my mother's womb, I was on welfare, you know what I'm saying?
So—So—So, it's like, you got to keep it real, know what I mean?

He had a heart of gold, intelligent soul from Day One
Loud as the ferry, best friend was Mama Cherry
Sweet lady, BK baby
She taught Dirty how to cook, clean, singing the songs
Say the old school dances and O.E., Ballantine, the wine
We sip, while we sat with the O.G.'s
Knowledge of self, good health
The fortunes that came with the game had my brother insane
It's like wealth ain't enough to live for
But if you got love in your heart, just believe in yourself
That was the Black man rap, baby Jesus in the black land
Few jewelry pieces with his gold fangs, his fam
("Brooklyn Zoo!") you know my brother was ill
The first dude to say, "Yo, keep it real"
Yeah, the lover, the father, the hustler, the rap professor
Now, he with Allah, that's a blessing
See, it's like, ok, where I come from
In my neighborhood, my people know me
You know what I'm saying? See, if I try to come any different
They ain't gon' respect me no more
You know what I'm saying? Because they -- you know people
Got their thing about themselves, you know
If you come from the neighborhood, you know what I'm saying?
You couldn't, you couldn't get out the neighborhood
But you could never take the neighborhood out of the people
You know what I'm saying, but if you try to like jump and crossover
To the other side, people won't understand that, and they don't like that
That's why they don't be buying people music
See, we keeps it real, and we always gon' keep it real
You can't knock what's real, You know what I'm saying? We telling the truth, man5Embed