Black Mozart Lyrics
"Stupid fool, you're forcing me to kill you!"

Yeah
You know how it go
Fresh from the Stationary Hall of Justice
Real rhyming
Real movement, real life
Word up, we just chilling
Ten bottles of Krug on the wall
Know what I'm saying?
Straight up, for real
Yo, RZA, talk to these niggas, man, let's go, man, for real
Yo, Rah, what up? Let's go!

You better get that money, no matter what you do
Yeah, gangsta shit, groovy shit
Raw shit, secret indictment shit
You gotta get that money and represent your crew
Yeah, secret indictments
Be careful, niggas, for real, let's go
And keep it true

As reaper stay sprayed, still niggas is smoked
Four in his pocket, a diamond'd-up chain and some coke
Champion hood, the goodies in a brown bag, by the radiator
Near the cookies and the bundles of dope
Fishscalers, I live in elevators and gross
All this paper, profit make her lay there and post
With them Adidas that Bruce wore, stay in the juice bar
All I know, if you saw me, you thought I was broke, Black, yo
I been hustling since niggas was busting guns
And scuffling, and jumping niggas over some coats
We play the S&S rooftop, Latin Quarter, Polo popes
Who hung out with all the Eighthers and GOATs
You better get that money, no matter, what you do
You gotta get that money, and represent your crew
Yo RZA, you crazy, man! Ouuuu!
This that "Black Mozart" shit right here (Ouuuu!)
And keep it true

Yo, I used to scramble hard, radio strapped to the handlebars
Fifty deep in the lobby, large, rocking camouflage
Dark Caesar holding my nuts, played the building front
Fifth of Henny, throw a little snow in the blunt
Just growing up, schooled by OGs, holding Os and up
Daily, new drama unfold—"They popped him over what?"
It's so rough—nobody know him, so what?
"Ayo, the money's close by, homie, show me the stuff"
Borough-hopping, copping bricks, bags, burners, and kicks
City slickers, circling the strip, working them tricks
Like Friday night, cruise in the coupe, new volure suit
Fruit-flavored kicks, taking flicks out in 40-Deuce
Farmer jeans, hammer swing, tucked in the loop
How they hit Ms. Fisher, they was busting that suit
Up in 54, underground, parrot and Q
Made man with the grey shams, wrapping the boo
Stay flam, every day, fam, stacking my loot
Eighty grams in the cake, bam, packages flew
Sipping passionfruit, Alizé, in back of The Ooh
We soldiers, boy, we soldiers
Bake cakes, hundred dollar bill holders
We soldiers, boy, we soldiers
Bighead, I thought I told you
We soldiers, boy, we soldiers
Bake cakes, hundred dollar bill holders
Bighead, I thought I told you
We soldiers, boy, we soldiers

You better get that money, no matter, what you do
You gotta get that money, and represent your crew
And keep it true1Embed