Broken Safety Lyrics
"Ha—do you know any other styles?"
"I am very grateful!"
(Scram Jones)
"Are you ready?"
"I'm ready"

Ugh, down on 40 Deuce, when I was a shorty-duke
That's when I first got the Nauti goose (Haha)
Now, I come through in a sported coupe (Yeah)
I know what you better do (What?)
Stop talking 'bout what you oughta do (Uh-huh)
My crack spot is still portable (Yeah)
Funerals are still affordable, I'm better than all of you (All of you)
I'm in the hood scraping them, Jadakiss, Rae and them (Rae!)
Y'all lame niggas—come uptown, spend a day with him (Haha!)
Bigger ones, bootleg liquor runs
Blow something, nigga, let the Earth smoke hit your lung
Get your guns
The economy is down (Down), so you already know
It's gon' be a lot of hommys in the town (Hommys)
That's why I'm still bringing the seed back (Uh-huh)
The sneakers that I can't pronounce, that cost a G stack (Haha)
Niggas in the yard, got this on repeat, Black (Yeah)
Fuck saving hip hop, we bringing the streets back, what!
Playing Spit, snipping, different color Wallys on
Bliffen had to take 'em off, they fucked up the soles, flipped it
I'm forever zooted, crushed-up glass, I'm just flashing through it
Nine times out of ten, suede down at the Jumer (What?)
Maybach bloomers, playing rumors
Card sharks getting cash money—"Take a loan, hit this tuna" (Yeah)
We onionhead niggas with gun gooners
Put us together: he run sea, I run land with one Ruger
Stop playing, you know we run rap (Uh-huh)
You know we done that
"Stop fronting, son, put the gun back"
We came with the containers
Besides having the flamers (Yeah)
My Mexican mans is famous (That's right)
Running through the streets, the bulldog
Conehead hoodies on, eighteen-five for footballs
Maxed like I'm under a good wall, good G
Good recipe, good status, a hood broad

I used to move brown rectangles (Yeah)
Roll you a blunt, then smoke you with Death's angel (Smoke)
Chrome trey-pound is making your neck dangle (Dangle)
Blue trey-eight is leaving your chest mangled (Haha)
It's math with the gun, I could kill you at all angles (All angles)
Leave the toast home, I'm leaving you all strangled, ugh (Mm)
Louis loafers on the Jaguar, gas pedals
You got the cops with you, you ain't even half-ghetto (Not even half)
We neither here nor there (Nuh-uh)
But if you was over here, you would of been got aired (Been got aired)
Like a pair of white Nikes on a summer day (Ss...)
Pointing the gun away (Point away)
I could kill you niggas a hundred ways (A hundred ways)
Minds in a place that yours ain't (Yeah)
So I'm wearing war paint (Yeah)
For the day that I see the Lord, saint (For the day)
Blowing the purple haze, playing The Purple Tape
Fuck with Chef or the Ghost, get left with a purple face
"Too bad. Your courage will be the death of you."2Embed