Gihad Lyrics
Yeah
One-two
(You got that?)
Yeah, let's go
Silent King
Yeah
The big park shit
You know how it go
In them alleys
(I'ma holler at you, though)

Since rap got locked right before we visit the '90s
Chef in the kitchen, cooking up with the crimeys
It's late fall, dime season
We bought the crib next to Bill Clinton mother
'Cause she fuck with the Chinese
They hitting niggas with hero'n
It's fourteen of us with Beemers
We won't stop pitching the Chevron
It's packed, kid, Black kids don't know how to act
They flashing Macs, Gillettes, a couple of stacks, yo
The systems is -upid
Yup, shorty with the pumps on
And dunks get provided and scooped, kid
And bloodhounds is hating, they knowing how the kid get down
Silent shottys with grenades, I'm waiting
And everybody love vintage
You see like four, five niggas with half-moons and wave intentions
"What's really good?"
"The 'dro hit 'em, killed 'em in the hotel
Heard he had some old chick with him"
That's how we make it happen, that's how we break it down
Hood all day, nigga, watch how we take the town
That's why we do the do, just know who is who
Acknowledge me all day (Yo!), and understand Wu is Wu

But on the other side of town it's Tony, laid up (Ugh)
This white chick want to gargle my nuts
I put the Bailey's down, tap the blunt out
Grabbed her by her hair, watch blondie-love whip my dick out
Spit dripping down my balls, she slobbing me
"That's right! Suck that dick! Get it hard for me"
Pyrex in one hand, large amount of grams in it rocked up
And she pregnant, my little man got her knocked up
He popped up ("Oh, shit!") I'm like a crooked cop
Richard Gere, big smirk on, getting my cock sucked
He pulled the joint out, a bullet spun out, but it was too late
Already nutted on the side of her mouth
Side of her face, and hair like Something About Mary
I can't front, my son gun look scary ("Whoa...")
"Chill! She's a whore!
You knew it from the time we ran trains on her
And you still went and fucked her raw?
Come on, son, give me the gun ("Gimme that!")
You gonna kill me over this bum-ass bitch you can't resist?
Remember Vel had her in the telly, taking the fist?
Watch how you aiming that shit, you should be aiming at Trish
She take a bone like a ribeye steak at Ruth's Chris
Yo, be easy on the trigger, son, you squeezing the fifth
I only did it just to show you—She's the easiest bitch"
He came close, had to duff him—"Nigga, give me that shit"
That's how we make it happen, that's how we break it down
Hood all day, nigga, watch how we take the town
That's why we do the do, just know who is who
Acknowledge me all day, and understand Wu is Wu

"Fuck your gun, motherfucker. I di—Pull a fucking gun on me again, I'll blow your little balls off. Go to the store and get me a fucking 40 'fore I smack the shit out you, man. Word up. While you're at it, go to the freezer. Get a steak, man, for your eye, nigga. Word up. Put some bologna on your face or something, nigga Make sure my 40 cold, too, when you bring it back. And when you get back, bag this shit up, nigga. Word up. I don't give a fuck if you 25, nigga. You my son, nigga. Word up. That's why I let you slide, nigga. Word. Get you a 40, too, and a pacifier, nigga. And a bib and a diaper."1Embed