Penitentiary Lyrics
"Come here, pussy
Prosthetic heart-ass nigga, yo
Where them Levi's at, man, that I left on your bunk, nigga?
Don't stand on the side of this bunk no more, man, for real
You see them Rae and Ghost flicks over there, nigga?"
"Yo, son, don't take no more flicks!"
"Don't touch them shits, nigga
Word up, I'ma break both chains on ya ass, nigga"

"Ayo, Bundy, make sure you crack Cell No. 5 fifteen minutes early"
"Yeah, yo, I got you, you want some of these donuts?"
"Nah, I'm good, just make sure you handle my man right. One!"

We up at Three Mart, blowing little dust to lift the branch up
The watch he had was Bulgari, golden
Spanish kid let him hold it
He said he hit him with three cartons of menthols
The kid let him roll with it
The face had snow in it, the bass in his voice
Now, he's acting like he ain't rich and poor in it
Crock pots are steaming, Jasmine rice and Jack Mack
With cornflake batter, it's cold in here
10:45, we lock in, pull out the headphones
Jump in the bunk, the tunes is knocking
Knowing all my goons is clocking
Two C.O.'s is on the catwalk—"Yo, Spoons, what's popping?"
"Yo, it ain't nothing, baby, you cool?"
"Yeah, I'm getting that rest
You know that G.E.D. shit with the school?"
"True, guess that's what it do
But on the low, I got two big GemStars I'm sliding to you
Matter-fact, they gon' hide in your food
All you do is push the grits out the way
Then you get up and move
Go to sleep, nigga, go 'head and rest
I'ma finish my count, I'ma set you out later, my dude; one!"
Mop-wringer magic, mess hall murder's the best
Come through the yard, getting fed lead burgers (Yo)
Testing anything with bling, fresh sneakers
We the best teachers, true, watch me move in the clink

Six A.M., the cells unlock
Horn the child, I'm half-sleep, yo, hearing the pots
I see the same ice grills
Bum niggas talking to me with cold in they eye
I can't finish my meal
Under the grits, two pieces of steel
Then Spoon had left; we got guns though, we trying to chill
Big Will walked in—him and Seville
With blood in they eyes, early bird, like they ready to kill

Mop-wringer magic, mess hall murder's the best
Come through the yard, getting fed lead burgers
Testing anything with bling, fresh sneakers, we the best teachers
True, watch me move in the clink
Mop-wringer magic, mess hall murder's the best
Come through the yard, getting fed lead burgers
Testing anything with bling, fresh sneakers, we the best teachers
True, watch me move in the clinkEmbed