Return of the North Star Lyrics"North Star" Excerpt
See, the way to evil
Balance equality in no man
For no man is good and bad at the same time
Either he's good, or he's bad
Return of the North Star

Mmm... Yeah. Damn. Yo, Rae, that's you, baby? Damn, man. I heard all these things about you, man. Boy, I heard you been doing your thing, man. Wait, wait, let me tap them pockets, man, them pockets fat? You know I'ma get mine. Yo, Rae, baby, check this out. Yo, we done went through so many trials and tribulations, man, it's a shame, man. But you know, I told you what the—who the Devil is, man. Always watch them people who lie to you. Them people try and cheat you, man, out your money, I told you, you ain't let me cheat you out your money, shiiiit, man, what? And you gon' let another nigga cheat you out your money, boy, are you crazy? Aight, watch the tricks, baby. 'Cause the trick is a liar, and a liar is a thief. Trust me, baby. You understand? Now, give me a couple hundred, man. Time to go do my thing, nigga. I'm going on the road. When you get—When you—Yo, I already had the vision. Yo, Rae, I had a vision. I seen you, man, at the—at Madison Square Garden. And I just came through, and you said "Yo!" And it was real, son, and you took the world by storm. They didn't understand it, 'cause they didn't see that far. They couldn't see the forest from the tree. But Rae, I'ma tell you, it's your time, man. Go get that paper, man, you understand? Get that paper, man, 'cause it belong to you, man. Allah is the God, trust—keep Allah in your heart, brother, and you won't fail. Trust me. Always remember" "How far did thou travel? Thou travel as far as the dimension he could see." What you see? That's all I can say, baby. Watch the liar, watch the cheat, and watch the thief

—We need more pine, we need more pine, man. Stop playing
—Damn, King. We just severed this other nigga, man. Slipped this nigga real quick. This nigga need a zip
—What up, nigga? Yeah, man, chill, stick around for a minute, man, there's a lot of money downstairs. Tryna get a lot of fold ups, captain. It's all real, lay the roof, I'll meet you there in a minute
—Portuguese have this. Word up, man. Papi Jerome, what up, nigga?
—Monkeys with the AKs is there upstairs, stupid. Chill. Relax, man, relax, man. It's all good. Close the cabinets, stupid. You got shit showing, nigga. I don't want the motherfucking ultimate hustlers on us, nigga. Ayo, Chef, a nigga got all your jewelry on when you be out of town, my nigga. The fuck is this nigga problem, son? Stupid nigga, man, and the police be all up on him
—Chill, nigga, yo... It's a lot of bread involved today. All you gotta do is stick around, nigga. Hold the joint, though3Embed