Canned Heat Lyrics
You know this boogie is for real

I used to put my faith in worship
But then my chance to get to Heaven slipped
I used to worry about the future
But then I threw my caution to the wind
I had no reason to be carefree - no, no, no
'Til I took a trip to the other side of town - yeah, yeah, yeah
You know I heard that boogie rhythm
Hey! I had no choice but to get down, down, down, down

Dance!
Nothing left for me to do but dance
Off these bad times I'm going through, just dance
Got canned heat in my heels, tonight, baby

I feel the thunder, see the lightning
I know this anger's Heaven-sent
So I've got to hang out all my hang-ups
'Cause of the boogie, I feel so Hell-bent, hey, hey
It's just an instant gut reaction, that I got
I know I've never, ever felt like this before
I don't know what to do
But then that's nothing new
Stuck between Hell and high water, need a cure to make it through, hey!
Dance, yeah, nothing left for me to do but dance
Of these bad times I'm going through, just dance, hey
Got canned heat in my heels, tonight, baby
You know, know, know I'm gonna dance, yeah
Off the nasty things that people say, dance, yeah
But I'm gonna make it anyway
Dance, got canned heat in my heels tonight, baby
You know I got canned heat in my heels
You know this boogie is for real

Only the wind can know the answer
And she cries to me when I'm asleep
She says you know that you can go much faster
I know that people's talk can be so cheap, hey, hey
I've got this voodoo child in-veined on me
I'm gonna use my power to ascend
You know I've got these running heels to use
Sometimes there's no way I lose
I was born to run and built to last
You never see my feet 'cause they move so fast

Dance, yeah, nothing left for me to do but dance
Off these bad times I'm going through, just dance, hey
Got canned heat in my heels, tonight, baby
Hey, I've got to dance, yeah
Off the nasty things that people say, dance, yeah
But I'm gonna make it anyway
Dance, got canned heat in my heels tonight, baby
You know this boogie is for real
Got so much canned heat in my heels, yeah
Gonna dance, gonna dance my blues away tonight
You know I'm gonna dance my blues away
You know this boogie is for real
Got so much canned heat in my heels, yeah
Gonna dance, gonna dance my blues away tonight
Dance, come on! Got canned heat in my heels tonight
Dance! Canned heat in my heels tonight
Dance! (Alright) Canned heat in my heels tonight, baby
Hey, got so much
Dance!
Hey, DJ, let the music play (Let the music play, yeah)
I'm gonna live this party life (I wanna live this party life)
Hey, DJ, throw my cares away (Let the music play, yeah)
I'm gonna live this party life (I wanna live this party life)
Hey, DJ, let the music play (I wanna live this party life)
I'm gonna live this party life (I wanna live this party life)
Hey, DJ, let the music play (Party life, party life)
I'm gonna live this party life (I wanted, I wanted to go home)

You know that this boogie is for real (Dance!)
Got so much canned heat in my heels (Dance!)
Gonna dance, gonna dance my blues away tonight (Dance!)
You know, you know this boogie, this boogie is for real (Dance!)
Got so much canned heat, canned heat in my heels (Dance!)
You know, I'm gonna dance my blues away tonight (Dance!)2Embed