Vindaloo Lyrics
Somehow he fucked up the count
I pocketed difference and bounced
See me in the sky dancing
No ceiling
In for a penny, in for a pound
Liquor store door headshot
No stealing in broken English
White man say he bought the ground
The doors show him the fine print
Pandora's door was open when she came in
Highest I ever got was the bottom of the pyramid
Highest I ever got was holding the bag and wondering what if I just stiffed?
Flow's like the mold
Tide's cold
A star in the void, like the more you know
Carnie's bargain
Guess how much black mold your tenement hold
Hmm, are the tenants negro?
Either way, never much of a scold
Not the one to tell shawty, slow your role
The kid was keen
Made the inception
Take it from me, go get that degree
He dropped out, got rich as can be
Seen him grinning on TV, all I said was, "my G," under my breath
Sip tea, it's none of us left
Light skinned niggas chucking threes, I wish 'em the best
Beyond God's law some exist
Summer's tryst turned winter slog
That's why you don't invade the USSR
Saw son serve it raw, vaping on a hoverboard
Genuflected, knees to a king
When he gave him his first little necklace
If not mine, then whose?
That's just the few that made news
Proof not seen
Why they come for me, though?
Freeload, we know (we know we know we know we know we know we know we know we know we know we know we know)
Don't play the hero
Old school, household smell like soul food
Slow stew
Spoon over pearl couscous
Onion loop, bundled herb
Built for comfort not for speed
All that with a whole bird plus the giblets
Black always with a capital B
Work through the years in rap by miraculous means
Shackles clink
Climbing pineapple trees, why?
Please say what I mean (mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean)
Bask by the Sargasso sea
What's gon' be gon' be
Riss told me to tell y'all
Hopping through the moon roof
Looking at self preservation at another level
You feel bad in your birthday outfit
Time costs more now
Thaw down
Take me to your lizard king
Man-child, hand style, pull purse string
Gangbang Earth
First and the last
Is it worth coming back?
Accustomed to the culture of cotton
And then there was crack

By that human part, sometimes, I tend to want to suppress. Because, the human part with me might say, Mosia, who killed my daughter in law? I should go and shoot them. The human part might say I must go around looking for the Kleinhans brothers, and shoot them. But the revolutionary in me says, it's overEmbed