Mr. Siegal LyricsI spent all my money in a Mexican whorehouse, babe
Across the street from a Catholic church
And I wiped off my revolver
And I buttoned up my burgundy shirt
I shot the morning in the back with my red wings on
Told the sun he better go back down
And if I can find a book of matches
I'm going to burn this hotel down
You got to tell me, brave captain
Why are the wicked so strong?
How do the angels get to sleep
When the devil leaves his porch light on?
Well I dropped thirty grand on the Nugget slots
I had to sell my ass on Fremont Street
And the drummer said there's sanctuary
Over at the Baghdad Room
Oh and now there's one for the money two for the show
Three to get ready and go man go
I said "Tell me, Mr. Siegel
How do I get out of here?"
Willard's knocked out on a bottle of heat
Drivin' dangerous curves across the dirty sheets
He said, "Man, you ought to see her when her parents are gone
Man you ought to hear her when the sirens on"
I said tell me, brave captain
Why are the wicked so strong?
How do the angels get to sleep
When the devil leaves the porch light on?
Don't you know that ain't no broken bottle that I picked up in my headlights
On the other side of the Nevada line?
Where they live hard, die young
And have a good lookin' corpse every time
Well you know the pit boss said I should keep movin'
This is where you go when you die
So I shot a black beauty
And I kissed her right between the eyes
Oh well, Willard's knocked out on a bottle of heat
Drivin' dangerous curves across the dirty sheets
He said, "When the bitch is wound up and her parents are gone
Man, you oughta hear her with the siren on"
I said tell me, brave captain
Why are the wicked so strong?
How do the angels get to sleep
When the devil leaves his porch light on?
I spent all my money now in a Mexican whorehouse
Across the street from a Catholic church
And then I wiped off my revolver
And buttoned up my burgundy shirt
I shot the morning in the back with my red wings on
Told the sun he'd better go back down
If I can find a book of matches
I'm goin' to burn this hotel down
Well it's one for the money, two for the show
I said three to get ready and go man go
I said, "Tell me, Mr. Siegel
How do I get out of here?"1Embed