U.F.O. Story LyricsAll right, so the other day, I was...I was talking with Michael Stipe, and we were talking about the very first memory you had, the very first thing that comes into your head, and um, dude, I think I sort of freaked him out a little bit. Because, um, I told him when I was about three or four years old, me and my little brother used to go out into our backyard, and we'd go up on top of this swingset out there, climb up on top. It was Mark. And um, and we would, we'd climb up on top of this swingset, and we could, we could sit up there, up all night, and we'd watch these drive-in movies that were about, you know, like a half mile away over on this hill, and we'd just sit up there all night. And we would, we'd just, we'd watch the movies, okay, and we had a pretty good view of, like, the sky there, you could see the sky pretty good, as we were watching the movies
Okay, one night we're out there, sitting there watching the movies like usual, and we're watching on the horizon and there were six U.F.O.s, no kidding, in a formation. Really! I mean they're right there in formation, they're six U.F.O.s right there, okay, so we're just little kids, okay? And it sort of freaks us out a little bit, so I get down, I get down off the swingset and I go in to get mom, because that's what you do when you're a little kid, you just go get mom, because weird shit's happening. So, by the time I come back with mom to check it out, they're gone. Okay, and so no one believed me
Okay, so I'm about ten or eleven and me and Mark are playing football in this field by our house, okay, and we've had about enough, we've been playing for a while, and we're getting ready to go in, and we're walking up to the house now, okay, and it's...this is real, it's the same sort of deal, you can see the sky pretty good, and the sun's sort of going down but it's still pretty light out. You know what I mean? Okay, and we're walking up there in view of the horizon, and no bullshit, the same six U.F.O.s are right there in formation. (Whoa, that's heavy, dude!) Right there, dude, I know man, right there in formation, but we don't freak out this time, okay, because we, you know, we saw them, so we just sit there, and they're right there hovering right over our heads, man. And we sit there, and they're coming closer and closer, and we're just sitting there, there we go, we're waiting on them, they're coming toward us, and they made this really weird sound, I mean I'll never forget, they made this sound, and it sounded like this, like this, like this...Embed