Over Lyrics
What? Yeah
Like, I'm too lit, like, oh my God

Damn, how the fuck we got to where we started?
This love don't feel how it felt when we started (What?)
This love don't feel how it felt when we started (What?)
Got me thinkin' so deep,  I'm in my conscience
Got me doin' these drugs, it help me balance (Shawty, I'm geeked, yeah)
I ain't tryna blame you but this shit a challenge (Oh, what? What?)
I live my life like a kid with allowance
My life so fast, I need me a down bitch (Fast, hold on)
Anarchy tatted under my armpit
Don't make me start a fuckin' riot (Anarchy, yeah)
Sometimes this shit get so excitin' (What? What?)
We ridin' 'round, we startin' riots (What? What?)
We rob the bank 'cause we want profit (Damn)
We took our shit and kept it silent (What? What? What?)
We took that route 'cause we about it (Yeah)
Say you catchin' them bodies, I highly doubt it (Catchin' no bodies, what? Yeah)
My boys shot at them niggas and he rollin' off molly (Catchin' them bodies, yeah)
We fucked up they kickbacks, fucked up they parties (Fucked up they parties, yeah)
I jump off the rope, I feel like Jeff Hardy (Feel like Jeff Hardy)
Got tats on my sleeve like Ed Hardy (Yeah, Ed Hardy)
I was smokin' that weed just like I'm Marley (Just like I'm Marley, yeah)
One shot and he bleed, please don't bother me (Baow-baow-boom)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
How the fuck we got to where we started? (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah), huh?
Your love don't feel the same like when we started (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Should've known this shit was not real when it started (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, everybody fake, this shit retarded (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
My back to the wall (What? What?)
My back to the wall (What? What?)
Can't fuck with these dirty lil' hoes, these bitches be hurtin' me up (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Can't put my trust in no ho, hell nah lil' bro (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I pass that bitch to my boy, like, "Here, lil' bro" (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I took the Phantom outside, it ride like a boat (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I took off with them M's and I stuck to the code (What? What?)
Damn, ooh, yeah
I'm too lit, ooh, ah-yeah43Embed