The Bitter Suite IV and V: The Congregation and the Sermon in the Silt Lyrics

They come in crowds to hear him speak
And he will greet them in a smile that sticks like Vaseline
So do your best to keep your distance in this instance
You're a stranger in the weeds, some things are better left unseen

Commanding listeners to believe
Manipulations of narrations: "Anno Domini"
Not with a whimper, but a bang, he'll take the stage
And leave their jaws upon the floor, begging for more

So Father, won't you tend your flock and save us now?
Won't you save us now?
Come and save us

I hear you're looking for God
Well I can show you the way just as long as you can pay
But the price is going up
And like a prayer to the air we deliver you to glory (pay up)
I swear you'll get what you need
And we can lead you to salvation with the right denomination
It all lies in your hands
Or in your pocketbook to be more demanding
Don't you tread too close to the line this time
Don't get lead too close to the light this time
You went far too close to the line this time, the line this time
(Hey! hey kid! hey kid, get a God!)
(Hey! hey, hey, hey! hey kid, get a God!)

So you committed a sin?
Well, we can rid that with a remedy
The bidding starts at $70—sold to one and all
Now get your hands ready to make a withdrawal
You've got no other way to find what you want
If it's a saving that you're craving and your confidence is fading
Be calm, the Doctor's in
I got the cure, because I know where you've been

Don't you tread too close to the line this time
Don't get lead too close to the light this time
You went far too close to the line this time, the line this time

If you wanna get up, reserve a room on high
Put your coins in my hat and don't ask why
If you wanna get up, reserve a room on high
Put your coins in my hat and don't ask why
If you wanna get up, reserve a room on high
Put your coins in the hat and don't ask why
Don't you tread too close to the line this time
Don't get lead too close to the light this time
You went far too close to the line this time
The line this time, the line this time...
2Embed