Ready to Explode LyricsCommentator:
Hello and welcome to what looks like being a very exciting race today
Among the top drivers are Noddy Holder of the Brahms and Lizst Cup
His team mate is one of Britain's Whildest fellows, James Lea. Let's hope his accident record can be overcome today. And now, just coming down the straight in the all familiar black and gold colours, Dave Hill, one of motor racing's true Super
Yob's. His team mate is Don Powell. And my goodness me from where I'm sitting it looks as though they're ready to explode!
Driver:
Sitting here in my mean machine - I'm ready to explode
Looking out of my helmet at the faces
I been wondering all night long, If I will live or die...yeh
It's always the same before the races
Commentator:
I got some hot line information about the man who's occupation
Is driving the cars. Standing out there on the grid
And it's a kind of fascination and it demands full concentration
The kind of a job we all dreamed of as a kid
Driver
I can see on the track ahead, the heat is rising high
Gotta win for the team and it's never easy
I been feeling the butterflies, strapped into my seat...yeh
And already the tension's getting to me
Commentator:
We're waiting in anticipation for some official indication
They're ready to go. Revving up and hit the road
Cos it's another big occasion and there won't be no relaxation
They're ready to go and they're Ready To Explode
You're gonna drive 'em round the bend
Have a go on the chicane
Gonna drive 'em round the bend
Without a warning...
Ready now to explode
Commentator:
And now the cars are on the grid and it looks like today's conditions
Couldn't be better for a great race. We're just waiting for the starter
Mr Slade to give the O.K. There goes the green light and they're off!
Who's gonna be the big sensation. Who'll be the champion of the nation
In one of them cars standing out there on the grid
He's gonna get a big ovation. Be the champion of the nation
The kind of a thrill we all dreamed of as a kid
I don't wanna break down and I wanna explode
Don't lemme break down Don't lemme break down
Don't lemme break down
I wanna explode - I wanna explode - I wanna explode - I wanna explode
Driver
Ever since I was just thirteen I had a crazy reoccuring dream
To be faster than the speed of sound
It was the only way to get around...oh yeh
Speeding in my dreams - Speeding in my dreams
Seventeen and I passed my test, never settling for second best
I knew right away what I'd like - It was a 750 motorbike...oh yeh
Speeding in my dreams - Speeding in my dreams
Oh yeh...Oh yeh...Oh yeh
I was living for speed
L..L..L..Living for speed
I was living for
I was living for speed...
Explode...explode...Embed