Wake Up, Niggers Lyrics
Night descends as the sun's light ends
And black comes back, to blend again
And with the death of the sun
Night and blackness become one
Blackness being you
Peeping through the red, the white, and the blue
Dreaming of bars, black civilizations that once flourished and grew
Hey! Wake up, niggers or y'all through!
Drowning in the puddle of the white man's spit
As you pause for some drawers in the midst of shit
And ain't got nothing to save your funky-ass with!
You cool, fool - sipping on a menthol cigarette 'round midnight
Rapping about how the Big Apple is outta sight
When you ain't never had a bite
Who are you fooling? Me, you
Wake up, niggers or ya ALL through!
In Uptown, two roaches are drowning in each other's piss
In Downtown, interracial lovers secretly kiss
While junkies are dreaming of total bliss
Somewhere in the atmosphere, far away from here
Beyond realms of white dimensions
Gathered by suppressed intentions
As their CRIES, cries, cries go unrecognized
Except by their keeper, the Grim Reaper
"SAVE ME!, " a carnegie shout, as the lights go out
'Cause you ain't paid your electric bill
And the rats and roaches move on in for the kill
As your lips struggle to grain, that last drought from the wine bottle
And you roll snake eyes, never to realizing that you BLEW
WAKE up, niggers or you're all through!
Sitting in the corner with your minds tied to your behinds
Bonafide members of Niggers Anonymous
Never knowing which way you're going - pimping off life
Turning tricks to slick dicks, with candy asses
"All masses will be held tomorrow morning for the Late Great black maaaaaaan... "
(Ahhhhhhh-meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen...)
YOU NIGGERS UNDERSTAND?! UP AGAINST THE WALL
Black male and farmers, are a-blow you away
And you'll never live to see the light of day
And the nightstick, the nightstick, it glides GRACEFULLY upside yo' head
That's right, brothers and sisters, YOU living dead
When the cock crows, and the night goes
And it saves your ass in the nick of time
As you wake up and you start to find
Yourself, laying up in bed - scratching your ass and head
Trying to remember from where you recall this Vermeer nightmare
That always leave you feeling blue
But you still can't place The Man's face, as hard as you try to
HEY! - WAKE UP, NIGGERS OR WE ALL THROUGH!Embed