With a Little Help from My Friends (Live at the Fillmore East/1970) LyricsWhat would you do if I sang out of tune?
Would you stand up and walk out on me?
Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song
I will try not to sing out of key
Oh, baby I get by (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
All I need is my buddies (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
I say I'm gonna get high (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Oh yeah (Ooh)
What do I do when my love is away?
(Does it worry you to be alone?)
No, no
How do I feel at the end of the day?
(Are you sad because you're on your own?)
I tell ya I don't get sad no more
(Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Gonna get by with my friends (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Yeah yeah, I'm gonna try (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Keep on getting high, oh Lord (Ooh)
(Do you need anybody?)
I need someone to love
(Could it be anybody?)
All I need is someone
That's just where I'm going, yeah
Somebody knows that's where I'm showing
Baby
(Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Said I'm gonna make it with my friends (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Oh, I'm gonna keep on trying (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
I'm gonna keep on trying (Ooh)
(Would you believe in a love at first sight?)
I'm certain it happens all the time, yeah
(What do you see when you turn out the light?)
I can't tell you but it sure feels like mine
(Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Don't you know I'm gonna make it with my friends? (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
I promised myself I'd get by (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
I said I'm gonna try and not work too hard (Ooh)
(Do you need anybody?)
Woah, yeah yeah yeah
(Could it be anybody?)
Oh, there's gotta be somebody
 somebody 
Oh, yeah, yeah
(Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Said I'm gonna get by with my friends, yeah (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Oh, yes I'm gonna keep trying, now (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Keep on trying with my friends (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
Oh, I'm never gonna stop there, oh (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
I'm gonna keep on trying, yeah yeah (Ah, with a little help from my friends)
I'm getting high, I'm gonna try, oh Lord (Ooh)
Gonna get by with my friends
I'm gonna get on by, yes I'm gonna get on by, my Lord
I'm gonna tell them all about it, I'm gonna tell them all, yeah yeahEmbed