One Time Lyrics
Yo, the spirit in the sky scream, "Homicide!"
But it was time to ride on some niggas funny talking
If too much money talking, we make 'em economize
Real rap, no tale spinning, such is the life of a kamika-
Ze pilot, we wilding out of control
Until we all make the funny papers like Comic Con
Feared in all streets
So if you ever see me out in y’all streets, find another one to occupy
I never hope for the best, I wish a nigga would
Turn around and walk away, I wish a nigga could
Listen to my instincts and say, "Fuck the rest"
But once you had the best, "better" ain’t as good
Weakheartedness cannot be involved
Stick to the script, nigga, fuck your improv
Like a samurai, the streets' Hammurabi Code
Play your part, shut the fuck up, and do as I was told

I was always late for the bus
Just once, can I be on time?
Then I start to think, "What’s the rush?"
Who wants to be on time?
Feeling unlucky
And if I ever got lucky, it was one time
In this crazy world
Not a thing I fear besides fear itself
This is clearly a lesson learned for someone else
Reach for the crown of thorns upon the shelf
Cross around my neck, I’ve been taught by stealth
Capture this moment in time, it’s a smash-and-grab
And where my party people? Y’all finna have a blast
You say, "Goodbye," I say, "Hello"—first and last
Hello, hello, now all of y’all elevate your glass
To an example of what time'll do to you
When those nameless things just keep on eluding you
When shit is new to you and lies is true to you
Words of suspects, usual, coming though to you
Man, I guess if I was ever lucky, it was one time
Then I went missing, looking for the sublime
A nigga stayed low, left the ladder unclimbed
Time after time, verse blank, the line unrhymed

You ever wonder, what’s the big fuss
For everyone be on time?
What’s the big deal? Why do they feel?
The need to have us marching on line
Feeling unlucky
And if I’d ever got lucky, it'd be one time
In this crazy world
I wonder, when you die, do you hear harps and bagpipes?
If you born on the other side of the crack pipe
Niggas learn math just to understand the crack price
Then dive in headfirst like a jackknife
'Cause out here, yo, you niggas can’t belly-flop
If you wanna make the noise inside your belly stop
"On time" means being on the front line
Being on the front line means ducking one-time
The pendulum swinging my way, couldn’t be more blind
Niggas talk to the cops? Not even one time
'Cause we all going down just like the subprime
Or a cheap-ass half-gallon of Ballantine
But hopping over gates to escape is sublime
Been through the alleyway and down to the sub line
Tales from the streets, a life of high crime
To make it to the bottom, such a high climb

I was always late for the bus
Just once, can I be on time?
Then I start to think, "What’s the rush?"
Who wants to be on time?
Feeling unlucky
And if I ever got lucky, it was one time
In this crazy world9Embed