Canada Dry Lyrics

Riding around off this ginger ale (Yuh)
Peep the herbal essence in the papers, vapors
On fire if you couldn't tell, but trust me
I ain't checkin' for no Jezebels or Delilahs
Lot of niggas screaming that they real (Psh...)
Perception is a motherfucking pill, you a liar
I been rocking boats since Aaliyah (Rock the boat...)
Trying to take it higher with these notes like Mariah
Fuck—Fuck with me, your connect ain't got it for the free
Start the elevation, I can't keep it low-key
OG, finna wake these niggas up
Ain't been getting no sleep, tryna bring him more sheep
I'm like little Bo Peep, what you in it for?
'Cause they out here copping souls, what they hittin' for?
Are you the hitter or the lick? What's the difference, though?
Yeah I heard you got a plan; what's the mission, though?
'Cause this game is so foul (Too foul)
Got a young man tryna move through the city
Like a Black Tom Thibodeau
Like Stallone, you can fight it all you want
But we still gonna be expendable, these niggas don't listen, no
I was always told that you never really know what you got 'til it's gone
Cancer caught my granny 'fore I got a chance to check up
What the fuck was I on? (What the fuck was I on?)
I was playing checkers, this is chess
Never put your faith into a check
Got to play the hand that you was dealt
It's only four aces in the deck, motherfucker
I been riding around off this ginger ale
Mama wouldn't like the way I smell right now
Realest nigga out; can't you tell?
Drink this water, tell me how you feel right now
Riding around off this ginger ale
Praying every day that I don't fail right now
Healing niggas; how can't you tell?
Drink this water, tell me how you feel right now
Riding around off this ginger ale
Mama wouldn't like the way I smell right now
Realest nigga out; can't you tell?
Drink this water, tell me how you feel right now
Riding around off this ginger ale
Praying every day that I don't fail right now
Healing niggas; how can't you tell?
Drink this water, tell me how you feel right now19Embed