He Used to Cut the Grass Lyrics
JOE thinks to himself as he walks out of prison

I'm out at last
Boy, the world sure looks different
Wow, there's hardly anything fun to do
Since they made music illegal
But I'm hooked
I got the habit
I've got to have it
I need to play
But there's no musicians anymore
They're all gone
Wait! I've got it!
I'll be sullen and withdrawn
I'll dwindle off into the twilight realm
Of my own secret thoughts
I'll walk through the parking lot
In a semi-catatonic state
And dream of guitar notes
To go with the loading zone announcements

JOE wanders through the world, which by then has been totally epoxied over, carefully organized, with everyone reporting daily to his or her appointed place in a line somewhere in front of a window somewhere in a building somewhere in order to collect his or her welfare check, which, when cashed, made it possible for the young ones to continue the payments for the obsolete and irreparable appliances their parents had purchased on the instalment plan years ago, providing as security the future incomes of their children. The rest of these checks were used by the young recipients to buy fun things of their own on credit, most of which broke down or failed within moments of purchase and seemed to be stacking up everywhere
This is the Central Scrutinizer
The White Zone is for loading and unloading only
If you have to load or unload, go to the White Zone
You'll love it
It's a way of life
This is the Central Scrutinizer
The White Zone is for loading and unloading only
If you have to load or unload, go to the White Zone
You'll love it
It's a way of life
This is the Central Scrutinizer
The White Zone is for loading and unloading only

As JOE stumbles over mounds of dead consumer goods formed into abstract statues dedicated to the Quality of American Craftsmanship, dreaming his stupid little guitar notes, he hears, somewhere in the back of his head, the voice of MRS. BORG, taunting him

Turn it down!
Turn it down!
I have children sleeping here!
Don't you boys know any nice songs?
I'm calling the police!
I did it!
They'll be here . . . shortly!
I'm not joking around anymore!
You'll see now!
There they are . . . they're coming!
Just listen to that mess, would you!
Every day this goes on around here!
He used to cut my grass, he was a very nice boy!
He used to cut my grass, he was a very nice boy!
He used to cut my grass, he was a very nice boy!
He used to cut my grass, he was a very nice boy!
This is the Central Scrutinizer
Yes, he used to be a nice boy, he used to cut the grass
But now his mind is totally destroyed by music
He's so crazy now - he even believes that people are writing
Articles and reviews about his imaginary guitar notes
And so, continuing to dwindle
In the twilight realm of his own secret thoughts
He not only dreams imaginary guitar notes
But, to make matters worse
Dreams imaginary vocal parts
To a song about the imaginary journalistic profession....1Embed