The Central Scrutinizer Lyrics
This is the Central Scrutinizer...
It is my responsibility to enforce all the laws
That haven't been passed yet
It is also my responsibility to alert each and every one of you
To the potential consequences
Of various ordinary everyday activities
You might be performing which could eventually lead to
The death penalty - or affect your parents' credit rating...
Our criminal institutions are full of little creeps like you
Who do wrong things
And many of them were driven to these crimes
By a horrible force called MUSIC!
Our studies have shown that this horrible force
Is so dangerous to society at large
That laws are being drawn up at this very moment
To stop it - forever!
Cruel and inhuman punishments are being carefully described
In tiny paragraphs
So they won't conflict with the Constitution...
Which, itself, is being modified in order to accommodate
The future!
I bring you now a special presentation
To show what can happen to you
If you choose a career in music
The White Zone is for loading and unloading only...
If you have to load or unload, go to the White Zone...
You'll love it... it's a way of life
Hi, it's me, I'm back...
This is the Central Scruuuuuutinizer...
The White Zone is for loading and unloading only...
If you gotta load or if you gotta unload
Go to the White Zone, you'll love it, it's a way of life
That's right! You'll love it, it's a way of life, that's right
You'll love it, a way of life, right, love it...
This is the Central Scrutinizer...
[Desperate nerds in high offices all over the world have been known to enact the most disgusting pieces of legislation in order to win votes (or, in places where they don't get to vote, to control unwanted forms of mass behavior)
Environmental laws were not passed to protect our air and water... they were passed to get votes. Seasonal anti-smut campaigns are not conducted to rid our communities of moral rot...they are conducted to give an aura of saintliness to the office-seekers who demand them. If a few key phrases are thrown into any speech (as the expert advisors explain to these various heads of state) votes will roll in, bucks will roll in, and, most importantly, power will be maintained by the groovy guy (or gal) who gets the most media coverage for his sleaze. Naturally, his friends in various businesses will do okay too
All governments perpetuate themselves through the daily commission of act which a rational person might find to be stupid or dangerous (or both). Naturally, our government is no exception... for instance, if the President (any one of them) went on TV and sat there with the flag in the background (or maybe a rustic scene on a little backdrop, plus the flag) and stared sincerely into the camera and told everybody that all energy problems and all inflationary problems had been traced to and could be solved by the abolition of music, chances are that most people would believe him and think that the illegalization of this obnoxious form of noise pollution would be a small price to pay for the chance to buy gas like the good ol' days. No way? Never happen? Records are made out of oil. All those big rock shows go from town to town in fuel-gobbling 45 foot trucks...and when they get there, they use up enormous amounts of electrical energy with their lights, their amplifiers, their PA systems...their smoke machines. And all those synthesizers...look at all the plastic they got in 'em...and the guitar picks...you name it...
Joe’s Garage is a stupid story about how the government is going to try to do away with music (a prime cause of unwanted mass behavior)! It's sort of like a really cheap kind of high school play...the way it might have been done 20 years ago, with all the sets made out of cardboard boxes and poster paint. It's also like those lectures that local narks used to give (where they show you a display of all the different ways you can get wasted, with the pills leading to the weed leading to the needle, etc., etc.). If the plot of the story seems just a little bit preposterous, and if the idea of The Central Scrutinizer enforcing laws that haven't been passed yet makes you giggle, just be glad you don't live in one of the cheerful little countries where, at this very moment, music is either severely restricted...or, as it is in Iran, totally illegal.]2Embed