Down Came The Angels Lyrics
What's in the sky shining silver, shimering sleek?
A star, a star is born
Down came the angels
From heaven up above, oh
Drunk on the passion
And the fragrance of song
With feathered wings flapping upon the wind
To my door they did descend
Quietly a knock
"Forgive the intrusion, but we've traversed so far
Three wise men who seek a star
Came down from heaven from the throne room of grace
Where the counsel of the most high sent us so
To speak in their place"

"We seek shelter, from the storm on the horizon"
"Can you give us what we seek, give me shelter for my friends and I?"
"What I have I give unto you, all I have is this humble abode
And you're welcome to rest here (if) I may be so bold
Tell me what it was that what said, just as was told."
"Fair enough my friend, we would hate to keep you unaware."
"Then do come in and let me entertain you!"

"Well don't hesitate out with it now
I'm in earnest pray tell
What was it that was spoken
That my soul will sit well?"
"My son it's a bit complicated you see
To say what was said is nothing easy
They seek a seer to ride the sea
To crash the tide, and protect the free
They want a watchman upon the wall to sound the alarm."
"What sort of someone does the counsel now seek?"
"My son they didn't say, they gave us the message and sent us on our way
All we know is to follow the star, and the star did set
Above this meagre barn that you inhabit
And you're not what we expected all covered in shit
We're just the messengers
And we know far better than to try and interpret
Only we deliver this message for the council of God, that in exchange for all these things
God will bless the man with angel wings
To fly above and see beyond
Immortalise his words and give him power over the curse
To call or calm the storms."

"My son, if you want God to bring about
These strange and wildest things
He requires a cost that you must count as loss
If you want those angel wings
In exchange for all these things
He requires something that's already quite His."
"What, what does he ask?"
"In exchange for the wings He requires
Your life for this."Embed