Brown Skin Woman Lyrics
Aiyyo Kris, yo yo yo!
That was fresh, come with that next shit
Uhh! Fat fat fat fat beats!
How refreshing is it really?
How refreshing is it really?!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Whoo!
Big shout out to Philly in the house
G. Simone, you know you're not alone
KRS-One on the microphone
Now we gonna come down ruffneck like this now seen?
Mad Lion hold tight

Brown skin woman, you a queen, not a HOE
Any man that drop the lyric what we give them the BO
Brown skin woman, you a queen and not a HOE
Any man that drop the lyric what we give them the BO

We don't come with disrespect, we come with intellect
If you come with disrespect you get a rope around your neck
Some people don't expect me to be so violent
But me NAH violent, just myself I protect
Too many time I see, young gwal pickadee
Pay five ten twenty thirty dollar to see
Some rapper some singer some...celebrity
Talk bout they wan fi sex up and fill up you body
But them NAH talk about peelin off some money
For the pumpin onna bed, when you haf the baby
Whattaya think can happen next? After you're done havin sex?
Too much of ignorance, not enough intellence
Mahn me NOT against sex, but too many DJ
Talk sex but them not talk about the next day
'Cause the next day them gone, and you sit alone
Got em soup up your mic, pon de microphone
Brown skin woman, you a queen, not a HOE
Any man that drop the lyric what we give them the BO
Brown skin woman, you a queen and not a HOE
Any man that drop the lyric what we give them the BO

Brown skin gwal them can't diss yo
'Cause you run the show-ow-ow!
Them call you all type of bimbo
But you know you're not a ho-oe-oe!
Bwoy pickade, check out your history
Brown man is a God in any ci-ty
White, man knew dat, and dat was a shock
So dem whip up your bod', and dem whippin not stop
But dem NAH can't stop us wit de whip and de chain
So dem take away your history, erase your name
STILL, with no name, with no fight, with no fuss
We just, take on the name, that MASSA give us
That name is N-GGA, the correct is NEGRO
It's Spanish for BLACK, white mahn call us DAT
There is also NEGROID, also NEGRO
Now, all nigga pon the corner playin cee-lo
Man you're not a negro, cause you're skin is not black
Take a look at yourself, you're brown and that's a fact
You not jump from no tree, you not live in no cave
That's some GARBAGE dem print, dem want you to behave!
You a African man, some say Asian
You must respect your love, all brown skin 'oman!
If you diss your 'oman, you not come wit no plan
So shut up your mowf, til you must understand!
Brown skin woman, you a queen, not a HOE
Any man that drop the lyric what we give them the BO
Brown skin woman, you a queen and not a HOE
Any man that drop the lyric what we give them the BO

I know you want me to call you a nigga...NO!
I know you want me to call you a ho...NO!
I know you want me to call you a bitch...NO!
This is how it go!
Yes Kris, you're large!
Another fat production by the KIIIIID Capri
Big shouts to the engineer Naughty
Big shouts to Luca, and we OUTTTTTTTTA here!Embed