A treatease dedicated to The Avian Airess from North East Nubis (1000 questions, 1 answer) LyricsI used to see her on club nights
Dressed fresh
Hair tied
And told myself, "Now that's right."
And she move like a lady
I start hoping that maybe, I could be her baby
She like to wind to that rockers
I'm inclined just to watch her drinking cranberry and vodkas
My little man introduced us, too, bruv'
Now that is something I could get used to
When I ain't see her I would think about her
Fuck going a week without her
Dream about her, sing about her
Next time I'mma let her know
Drop my guard, play my card
Let it show, "Me and you!"
Then came that sparkly hour
Here she come float through the crowd
Her hair smell like April showers
Touched her hand, it felt like flowers
There's something in the stars that I think girl it just is ours
There's something to it, let's do it and find out all about it
She flashed a sparkly smile, okay okay, she doesn't doubt it
We talked a little while and now, yeah, I can't live without it
She said, "What?"
Girl your finest insights golden
In your charms I'm getting folded
Feelings I just want to go with
(She said)
Where I'm from, when we dance we shake our shoulders
I said (haha) girl I know this but
Add it to the coldest
I am hopeless
Did you notice
Cause it's written on my face
See, in you only baby is a place
And I want to be there
I should be in there
Let me be in there
I want to be there
I wish that I am there
All the time
Can I get in there
I want to be there
Just there
Let me be in there
Should I find me in there
I'd get all up in there
Yeah, I got to be there
You're the shit like early summer
The breeze the birds the bees they humming
If I know you there, I'm coming
If not I'm stuck just wondering
Shit like... Where you at? What you doing? On your mind? How you feeling? What you wearing? How your hair look? What you reading? What's she like? How your mom? How your dad? Is your car filled up with gas? Did you eat? Catch some sleep? What you wish? How you kiss? What kinda grocery on your list? ___ Are you sleepy? Are you jealous? Who you love? Will you tell me? ______ Did you see City of God? _____ Would you fuck with Kobe or Lebron? Oh my GodEmbed