Crazy Lyrics
I climb the walls of my mind just like I'm climbing on a jungle gym
I am more than content with the
State of mind I am in

'Cause I am crazy just like you
I am crazy just like you

I don't think I need a rubber room
But hey, that might be nice
I'm not a manic depressive, paranoid, or schizophrenic
So I don't need your advice

'Cause I am crazy just like you
I am crazy just like you

The lights are on but nobody's home
My elevator doesn't go to the top
I'm not playing with a full deck
I've lost my marbles
The lights are on but nobody's home
My elevator doesn't go to the top
I'm not playing with a full deck
I've lost my marbles
I'm a few bricks short of a load
But a full load always hurt my back
I flew over the cuckoo's nest and
I'm never ever coming back because

I'm just crazy just like you
I am crazy just like you
I am crazy just like you
I am crazy

(Mike had magic glasses)
(You wanna get out of here don't you? You wanna get up, get up and run, and run, and run)
(Don't answer that. Bring that helicopter back down will ya?)
(Lincoln was proud of his new harmonica, and he decided to become an expert)
Crazy (Mike had magic glasses)
(He was a quiet long-legged skinny man with a dignified beard and mustache, which was turning grey)
(He had only a blindness as long as his nose)
(He was soon delighted with his lips)
(Tell me this, Eddie, I've got to know, isn't there a house for me?)
(You wanna get out of here, don't you?)
(Bring out the scalpels)
(And peace)
(Women in a workhouse)
(Tell me this)
(Don't answer that. Bring that helicopter back down will ya?)

(Ed) We're rollin' man!
(Ed/Steve) Found my locker...
(???) That is the take
As I prepare a suit that's made with monkey...
(Jim) Bad
(Steve) Just cheese you know
Ah!
*Beatboxing* (???)
(Ed) And if I phoned my friends in Ireland
(Steve) I'd have my own radio talk show and I'd talk to myself
(Ed) And if I filmed my sister walking
(Steve) I'd yell stuff like "Hey, get off the phone..."
(???) Gordon. Gordon?
Yeah Gordon--King GordonEmbed