Asylum - Live at Pavillon de Paris/1979 LyricsJimmy Cream was keen, his brain was always winnin'
I can't keep tabs on mine – it's really quite a joke
I see him down the road, I ask if he'd be willing
To lend me 15p – I'm dying for a smoke
Don't arrange to have me sent to no asylum
I'm just as sane as anyone
It's just a game I play for fun – for fun
I told 'em – look! – I said I'm not the way you're thinkin'
Just when I'm down I'll be the clown, I'll play the fool
Please don't arrange to have me sent to no asylum
I'm just as sane as anyone
It's just a game I play for fun – for fun
Is it really?
Will he take a sailboat ride?
Well, he is very likely to
Will he feel good inside?
Well, he ain't very likely to
Will he tell you he's alive?
Yeah, he is always trying to
Yeah but nothin', no no nothin' does he say
In the morning when the days begun
– "Hello, Good morning, how are you?"
And in the evening or the noonday sun
– "Oh, what a lovely afternoon!"
Well I've been living next to you
Bluesy Monday is the one day that they come here
Yeah, when they haunt me and they taunt me in my cage
Oh, in my cage
I mock 'em all, they're feelin' small, they got no answer
Yeah, they're playin' dumb but I'm just laughing as they rage
Don't arrange to have me s-sent to no asylum
Well it's only a game I'm playin' for fun
Yeah I've been tryin' to fool everyone
Oh, but they still taunt me
Oh, is it really?
No, that's too heavy
Will he take a sailboat ride?
Well, he is very likely to
Will he feel good inside?
He ain't ever likely to
Will he tell you he's alive?
He is always trying to
But nothin', no no nothin' does he ever say
In the morning when the day's begun
– "Do you think it looks like rain?"
And in the evening or the noonday sun
– "You know I nearly missed my train"
Well I've been living next to you my friend
But what kind of friend are you?
Is it the beginning or the sorry end?
Will I ever see it through?
Now I've never been insane
Oh what's the game?
I believe I'm dying...
He's mad, mad, mad...
Not quite right
(Not quite right)
Oooooooo...........Embed