Noise Epic Lyrics
Pleading with Athos of the rock
In the ancient language which he spoke
But I didn't even give a damn
Because all I wanted to do was just sit back and talk
Talk about the restless winds that were blowing in my mind
That twisted all we grow as too thin
And feelings I had which I couldn't describe
And the places I'd come within
And in the chrome light I stood up and I just began
I'd sell my pride on a whim, let it blow
The righteous light that was guiding me still
And the man with the holy soul
Impatience took a dim view of my words
And let me down again
I'm so dusty, laden with all that world-weary stars and reverends

I've got your mother Mary, God
Life is empty, I wanna
Find some peace today
I said, mother Mary, oh
Life's so empty, I
Need some peace today, oh oh today
Oh those twisted corridors of power
In the ivory walls of hate
Where the eagle flies so proudly
And I just can't, just can't wait
In the victim's mind, he's ready
He is ready to exploit the weakness
Of the century's greed and feebleness
And the lies they whisper
To his brothers and sisters
Please Jesus, oh I love you
Won't you come to stay
Mother Mary, oh
Life is empty, I wanna
Find some peace today
Hannah hung around for the the rapture
On the roam for forty years
Of course no-one came, and you know I still live in fear
Always waiting for the prince of seventy-two
I was waiting for the world to fall apart, how about you?
If Husain could have waited
Nava could have seen the stars in the sky
Because I've been waiting for you for fifty odd years
I've been waiting for you through these hopes and these tears
I was waiting for you, I'm a-waiting for you
There's thunder, in the sky
Why why why - did I let you down?
Can I carry that cross for you?
Can I carry that cross for you?
Is there anything that I need to know?
Did you let me down?
Did you let me down?
Why why why - did you let me down?
Did you think I wouldn't know
Why why why - did you let me down?
I wanna sit right here, I'm gonna write you a letter
I wanna sail, I wanna sail over the ocean
I wanna talk to best and Muhammad Ali
I don't just use my fists, yeah I use my feet
They got spirit, I got spirit
Oh mama mama mama it's like yellow earth
What was it like for you when you was giving birth
You got it in for you, I got it in for me
I said, why you always jumping fences like Stevie McQueen?
I got spirit, come feel it
I got spirit, you can feel it
He got spirit, we gotta feel it
You got spirit, scream if you feel it
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake upEmbed