21st Century Living LyricsYou know, today I was asked only one question
And it—One question all day
Do you know what that was?
"Do you want this supersized?"
You know, come to think of it, I'd like the whole fucking world supersized
"Supersized guns!"
Supersized planes
"Supersized satellites"
Think about how many more channels you could get with supersized satellites
"Supersize sales"
How do you supersize a sale?
How about we supersize 3rd World debt relief?
"Supersize love"
"Supersize honesty"
Supersize government
Come to think of it... actually, nah, let's not supersize the government
I'd like to supersize death
Can I have a supersize of death?
I'd like a supersize of death with a Coke
You know what we need?
Some back-up singers, hook up like a little jingle
("It's all right, sooner or later" repeated in background)
Kinda like that
We'll supersize the song!
Really, that's the goal, isn't it?
We can supersize the record, we'll sell more records!
It's a supersized record!
That is, after all, our ambition
Fake lighting flashes
Over the skyline
A deer in your headlights
So gun it, gun it, gun it, gun it, gun it
We're singing songs about
21st century living
If hate's in your heart, man
You'll take what you're given
Ambition, ambition's a tricky thing
It's like riding a unicycle over a dental floss tightrope over a wilderness or razor blades
Ambition can backfire
Ambition means more
Ambition means faster
Ambition means better
I wonder if you can sup—can you supersize ambition?
Does that make you ambitious if you supersize ambition?
Around here, our ambition hurts more than it helps
See, around here our ambition throws an non-perishable item in a donation bin at Christmas
And it pats itself on the fucking back because it thinks it's done something decent
("It's all right, sooner or later" repeated in background)
Yeah, we're supersizing ambition
Make no mistake about it
Ambition will televise the revolution
And it'll sell more fucking commercial spots than the Super Bowl, the Olympics, the World Series, and the Tragedy Du Jour combined
We're supersizing
We're supersizing the record
'Cause we're ambitious
Fake lighting flashes
Over the skyline
A deer in your headlights
So gun it, gun it, gun it, gun it, gun it
We're singing songs about
21st century living
If hate's in your heart, man
You'll take what you're given
If hate's in your heart, man
You'll take what your givenEmbed