Know How You Stand LyricsPraise Jah Rastafari from whom all blessings flow
Praise Him for everything that is good
King of Kings and Lord of Lords
Praise Him for creating man and self-control
Praise Father Son and Holy One Jah Rastafari Man
Run come rally rally round King Alpha's throne
Sun shall be darkened and the Moon shall turn into blood
There's nowhere you go and overstand
So run away, come away from the land of the sinking sand
In Babylon land
Hear the son of the Black Nation
It's a heavy burden that we're bearing
The hotter the battle, the sweeter Jah victory
What is wrong goes around all day long
Living in sin, crying all day long
For freedom, for freedom, for freedom
Freedom, we want to be free!
Son of thе Black Nation
Freedom! We gotta be free of the sinking sand
Wе gotta run away now
Colour of the skin is dark and brown
Listen to the song we sing
It carries a sad and mournful sound
Run away run away
Freedom! We gotta be free!
Son of the Black Nation
Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see Jah
Oh yes the pure in heart they shall see God Rastafari
Yes, praise Him upon the high-sounding cymbals
Praise Him upon the instrument of ten strings
All ye saints of Jah praise Him
As well as the singers
And the players of instruments shall be there
All Jahovah's springs are in thee
Babylon couldn't be our home, Sin City! No!
Freedom! Time has come, we gotta be free!
Yes, praise Him upon the instrument of ten strings
Jah Rastafari
Jah Jah morning breeze... Freedom!
I can feel it. I remember those shadows
Freedom! Free my soul, I say. Ride on
Yeah, let everything that has breath praise ye the Lord
Let me in, I've gotta come in
Jah Jah I know You hear our voice when we call
Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly
Nor standeth in the way of sinners
Nor sitteth in the seat of the scornful
But his delight is in the law of the LORD
And in his law doth he meditate day and night
Break the bars asunder
Set us free to fight another day
We told them that before
Africa must be free, Black Man must be free
Rastafari!! Smite the tails of Babylon! Freedom!Embed