Funkentelechy LyricsYo, this is Mood Control (yo-ho!)
Saying you might as well pay attention (this is mood control)
If you can't afford free speech
(mood, mood, mood, someone's funking with the mood!)
Mood Control is designed to render funkable
Ideas brought to you by the makers of Mr. Prolong
Better known as Urge Overkill
The pimping of the Pleasure Principle
Oh, but we'll be pecking lightly
Like a woodpecker with a headache
'Cause it's cheaper to funk
Than it is to pay attention
You dig?
Huck-a-buck
A-Lo and behold, someone's funking with the Mood Control
When you're taking every kind of pill
(deprogram, program, and re-program)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill
(peck me lightly like a woodpecker with a headache)
When you're taking every kind of pill
(Funk! The nonprofit organization)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill
Where'd you get your funk from (where'd you get that funk from)?
Heh! Name that feeling!
Would you trade your Funk for what's behind the third door?
The big deal!
Heads I win, tails you lose!
How do you spell relief?
Huck-a-buck, sucker!
When you're taking every kind of pill
(Ho! The bigger the headache, the bigger the pill)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill
When you're taking every kind of pill
(You deserve a break today)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill
(Have it your way)
Where'd you get that funk from?
(Ooh, who was that? ha ha ha ha ha ha, ohh ohh ohh)
The salvation of inspiration is the motivation
Fasten your safety belt
While I take you face-to-face with the nosiest computer I know
Where'd you get that Funk from?
When I count to ten I want you to jump up! Stay there!
Oh, ho! But don't come down til I Flash the Light
You deserve a break today, have it your way
Funk is not domestically produced. Ho!
There's nothing that the proper attitude won't render...funkable
Where'd you get your Funk from? Funktism! Hey!
When you're taking every kind of pill
(Mood Control!)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill
When you're taking every kind of pill
(Urge Overkill!)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill
(yeah, ho!)
Where'd you get that Funk from?
(Program)
Where'd you get that Funk from?
(Deprogram)
(And re-program)
?????
Heads I win, tails you lose (how do you spell relief?)
Would you trade your Funk...for this? (you deserve a break today)
Or that?  (have it your way)
A Funk a day keeps The Nose away...ain't it cute!
I ain't gonna hold the lettuce, the pickles or the mustard (ha ha!)
Yo!
Jump up and dance until I tell you to come down
You deserve a break today, sucker!
I'm gonna Flash the Light and flop the J, count again????
This is Mood De-control
Saying pay more attention
For free speech is high finance
Adjust (?) possible Funkability???
Ho, Let the Funk begin!
Do anybody have change for Funk?
Where'd you get your Funk from?
Oh yes, this is heavyweight Funk
Put up your dukes, haha!
You want to funk around with me, oh!
This is Mood De-control, yo-ho!
The home of the P.Funk, the Bomb
Mind your wants 'cause there's someone that wants your mind
When you're taking every kind of pill
(The bigger the headache, the bigger the pill)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill
(How do you spell relief?)
When you're taking every kind of pill
(The bigger the headache, the bigger the pill)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill
(whoa, this is a big pill)
(yeah, ho!)
(Pay attention)
Where'd you get that Funk from?
(there he go again, ooh, there he go again)
(You might as well pay attention, free speech is too high)
Where'd you get your Funk from?
(Huck-a-buck, sucka! Ho!)
(You deserve a break today)
(How do you spell relief?)
Where'd you get that funk from?
(F-U-N-K...YYYY)
Take it to the bridge, hahaha
Let's take it to His Dukedom
This is Mood Control
Funk-entelechy (program, deprogram, re-program)
Funk-en-te-lechy (how's your Funkentelechy?)
Funk-entelechy (I'll meet you back at the turnaround)
Funk-en-te-lechy (right now, I think I'll space)
Funk-entelechy (heavyweight funk/hey ????!)
Funk-en-te-lechy (rump to rump, we shall get down)
Funk-entelechy
Funk-en-te-lechy
Funk-entelechy (how's your Funk?)
Funk-en-te-lechy (how's your Funk-entelechy?)
How's your Funk-en-te-lechy?
How's your Funk-entelechy?
(x2)
How's your Funk-en-te-lechy? (When you're taking every kind of pill)
How's your Funk-entelechy? (Nothing will ever cure your ill)
How's your Funk-en-te-lechy? (When you're taking every kind of pill)
How's your Funk-entelechy? (Nothing ever cures your ill)
Where'd you get your Funk from? (ho!)
Live in the presence of your future
You deserve a break today
Have it your way
I ain't gonna hold the lettuce, the pickles or the mustard
A Funk a day keep the Nose away
Mind your wants 'cause someone wants your mind
Funk is a non-profit organization
Peck me lightly, like a woodpecker with a headache
'Cause Funk is not domestically produced
It is responsive to your mood
You can score it any day
On W-E-F-U-N-K, we-funk, HO!
Name that feeling, baby
This is Mood De-control
Program, reprogram and deprogram
Funk-entelechy (how's your Funk-en-te-lechy?)
Funk-en-te-lechy (you might as well pay for attention, free speech is too high)
Funk-entelechy (we are centrally programmed(?), or for else hold your peace????)
Funk-en-te-lechy (unfunky possibilities arrive for the makers of Urge Overkill)
Funk-entelechy (and not the funky funny bone)
Funk-en-te-lechy (you deserve a break today so name that feeling)
Funk-entelechy (would you trade your Funk for what's behind the third door?)
Funk-en-te-lechy (the big deal, heads I win, tails you lose)
Funk-entelechy (there's nothing that Funk will not render funkable)
Funk-en-te-lechy (this is Mood De-control, urging you to Funk On!)
Funk-entelechy (Yo ho! How's your Funk-en-tel-echy?)
Funk-en-te-lechy (ideas brought to you by the makers of Urge Overkill)
Do not respond
This has been a test
Ha ha ha ha ha!
And once again the Pleasure Principle has been rescued
With the aid of the Funk
(this is Mr. Prolong)
How's your Funk-en-te-lechy? (I have to leave early today, ha ha ha ha)
And in doing so, (How's your Funk-entelechy?)
Freed the possibilities of Funk beyond compare (How's your funk-en-te-lechy?)
Program, deprogram, reprogram (How's your Funk-entelechy?)
When you're taking every kind of pill (How do you spell relief?)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill (You deserve a break today, sucka)
When you're taking every kind of pill (ha ha ha ha)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill (have it your way)
Nothing seems to ever cure your ill (This is the Doctor, saying, the bigger the headache, the bigger the pill)
When you're taking every kind of pill (what's happening? what's happening? Jam, what's happening?)
How's your Funk-entelechy? (How's your Funk?)
You know? What's happening?
How's your Funk? (Ha ha ha...)
Funk-entelechy (Sucka!)
Funk-en-te-lechy (I want you to jump up in the air and stay there until I tell you to come down)
Funk-entelechy (Check your Funk pressure)
Funk-en-te-lechy (ha, fly on)
Funk-entelechy (ain't nothing but a party, buba)
Funk-en-te-lechy (Oh)
How's your Funk-en-te-lechy?
How's your Funk-entelechy?
How's your funk-en-te-lechy? (Heads I win tails you lose!)
How's your Funk-entelechy?1Embed