The Fallen Lyrics
So they say you're troubled, boy
Just because you like to destroy
All the things that bring the idiots joy
Well, what's wrong with a little destruction?
And the Kunst won't talk to you
'Cause you kissed St Rollox adieu
'Cause you robbed a supermarket or two
Well, who gives a damn about the prophets of Tesco?

Did I see you in a limousine?
Fling out the fish and the unleavened?
Turn the rich into wine as you walk on the mean

Well, the fallen are the virtuous among us
Walk among us, never judge us
Yeah, we're all

Up now and get 'em, boy
Up now and get 'em, boy
Drink to the devil and death at the doctors

Did I see you in a limousine?
Flinging out the fish and the unleavened?
Well, five-thousand users fed today
Oh, as you feed us, won't you lead us
To be blessed?
So we stole and drank champagne
On the seventh seal, you said you never feel pain
"I never feel pain, won't you hit me again?"
"I need a bit of black and blue to be a rotation"
In my blood, I felt bubbles burst
There was a flash of fist, an eyebrow burst
You've a lazy laugh and a red white shirt
I fall to the floor, fainting at the sight of blood

Did I see you in a limousine?
Flinging out the fish and the unleavened?
You turn the rich into wine, walk on the mean
Be they Magdalene or virgin, you've already been
You've already been, and we've already seen

That the fallen are the virtuous among us
Walk among us, never judge us
To be blessed

La, la-la-la
La, la-la-la
La-la, la-la
La-la-la-la, la-la-la-la
So I'm sorry if I ever resisted
I never had a doubt you ever existed
I only have a problem when people insist on
Taking their hate, placing it on your name
Some say you're troubled, boy
Just because you like to destroy
You are the word, the word is 'destroy'
I break this bottle, think of you fondly

Did I see you in a limousine?
Flinging out the fish and the unleavened?
To the whore in a hostel and the scum of a scheme
Turn the rich into wine, walk on the mean
It's not a jag in the arm, it's a nail in the beam
On the barren Earth, you scatter your seed
Be they Magdalene or virgin, you've already been
You've already been, you've already seen
That the one who, one who, one who, one who
One who, one who, one who, one who
Yeah, you've already been, you've already seen

That the fallen are the virtuous among us
Walk among us, oh, if you judge us
We're all damned3Embed