Let Me Go Lyrics
Talk to you with my hands tied
Walk towards you on a fine line
Everybody has a dark side
I feel embarrassed when they see mine
Rain falling from my dark skies
Clouds parting, but it's all lies
Shouldn't I see the sunshine now?
Wonder how I look in God's eyes
Am I a good person or a lost one?
Will this feel worth it when I'm all done?
Will I feel ashamed or like who I was?
Will the pain vanish or will more come?
Will I stay numb or regain love?
Maybe someday have a taste of freedom?
Will I take the poison out of my blood?
Or just leave it there inside of my lungs?
I know (Know, know)
I should let you go, hands are feeling cold
Just leave me alone (No, no, no)
I just want control, I feel so exposed
Liars in my home (No, no, no)
Please do not provoke, noose around my soul, I cut down a rope
They don't want me happy, they don't want me fixed
They don't want me better, they just want me broke
Talk but never listen, at least I admit it
Block out all my vision, watchin' me diminish
That's my favorite pastime, I know nothing different
Tell me something different, I don't see the difference
I just feel offended, I just feel defensive
Why don't you accept me? I just need acceptance
Time is of the essence, don't like how we spend it
You just want perfection, I need you to let me
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go

Why'd you say I don't belong here? (Huh?)
Fill a bucket full of my tears (Huh?)
Pouring out the water, all of my insecurities whenever I'm scared
I watch 'em grow and say I don't care
I pray to God to ask if hope's real
And if it is, then I was thinking maybe You could introduce us, we ain't met still
Yeah, my chest feels like a blade's in it
Who put it there? I think they did it
Out the cell now, where am I headed?
Am I Hell-bound? Will I find Heaven?
Will I feel better or just regret it?
If I let you go and find the seven letters
I've been looking for, it's like it's never endin'
Open all the doors and let the peace enter
I'm (So, so, so)
Pitiful at times, miserable inside
They want me to hide (No, no, no)
How can I survive? Change your state of mind?
I should say goodbye (No, no, no)
They want me to beg, they want me to plead, they want me to die
They just want me dead, they just want me hurt
Don't want me to live, don't want me alive
Stop with the pretending, I don't feel respected
I just feel rejected, I don't like rejection
You promise protection, I don't feel protected
I just feel neglected, how can I respect it?
I'll teach them a lesson, I pick up the weapon
Aim in your direction, shoot at my reflection
Shatter my perception, hate it when I'm desperate
You just want perfection, I want you to let me
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go (Let me go, ah)36Embed