I Killed The Barber LyricsThe gift of Jah is eternal life!
Still Tom, the Piper's son take the barbers life!
Everyone going around, sayin' they know who shot the barber
I know who shot the barber!
It was Tom, Tom, the Piper's son, I tell you, say
(..my dream last night was about Ali Baba..)
Tom, Tom, the Piper's son
Shot the barber and away he run
He run away as I would say
And a-nothing weh did-a hide, for everyone know that
Everywhere you go, you hear people say
Tom shot the Barber, over there you hear they say
Tom shot the Barber
The young know that, the old know that
Everyone know that, they say
Tom shot the barber, him shot the barber
Tom shot the barber, him shot the barber
Tom shot the barber, him shot the barber
Tom shot the barber, him shot the barber
He pulled a .38 from his waist last night
He rode through the valley with his pistol by his side, yeah
Tom shot the barber, him shot the barber
Tom shot the barber, him shot the barber
Tom shot the barber, him shot the barber
Tom shot the barber, the Ali Baba
He rode through the valley with a .38 in his waist, yeah
He pulled the .38 from his waist and shot the barber, yeah
I says Tom shot the barber, him shot the barber
Tom shot the barber, him shot the barber - mercy, ya!
So he'd leave a Natty Dread to grow, as I would say
So Natty Dread just a flourish inna earth
This day as I would tell you say
Yea, yea, hear I now!
Have you any wool? Have you any wool?
(..my dream last night was about Ali Baba..)
Tom, Tom, the Piper's son
Shot the barber and away he run
Look at that and Tom was a baldhead
And he should love the barber
'Cause he's also a baldhead
Now look at that, let me tell you, say
Tom shot the barber and he's a baldhead
And the barber is a baldhead
I said him leave the Natty Dread, fe flourish now
Leave Natty Dread, ah, fe flourish now
Leave Natty Dread, fe, fe flourish now
Leave Natty Dread, fe, fe flourish now
Pulled a .38 out from his waist last night, I tell ya
And he shot the barber in his head, I tell ya, last night, yeah
Tom shot the barber!
Ah! And listen to this
Dreadlocks, a Natty Dreadlocks!
Have you any wool? Have you any wool?
Yes-I, Natty yes-I
Me have me tam ya full Me have me tam ya full
A natty yes-I
Me have me tam ya full..Embed