Day Twenty: Confrontation Lyrics See his mouth, he tries to speak
He cannot move, his voice is weak...
 My dear friend can you hear me now?
I'll try to tell you how I feel
 I feel the pain inside of you
Tell me please, what can I do?
 Listen well to what I have to say
I have to tell you...of my betrayal
 I reveal the facts, it was clear
It spelled the end of your career
 Yes, I always felt that it was you
I repressed the thought although I knew the truth
 The truth is out, I feel relieved
You hate me now, you've been deceived?
 Oh no, in a way we are even now
Come back to us...somehow
 Cross that bridge to the other side
Follow your heart, you can't go wrong
Come with me, I will be your guide
And lead you back where you belong
 Welcome to reality, be ready for the pain
Welcome to reality, will it be in vain
Welcome to reality
Nothing much has changed since you were gone
 Rise up and show the world you can be a better man
Rise up and show the world you care, yes you can
Rise up and show the world you're taking your chance
Rise up and show the world!
 Welcome back!
 Welcome to reality, wake up and rejoice
Welcome to reality, you've made the right choice
Welcome to reality, and let them hear your voice, shout it out!
 Rise up and show the world your battle is won
Rise up and show the world the old you is gone
Rise up and show the world your new life has begun
Rise up and show the world!
 Welcome back!
 Here inside the question burns
Are you sure of your return?
 I am sure I deserve this chance
Now I understand it all
 It all seems so unreal to you
Can you decide what to do?
 Yes I can, oh I will survive
Look at me...I'm alive
 Cross that bridge to the other side
Follow your heart, you can't go wrong
Come with me, I will be your guide
And lead you back where you belong
 There is so much to see, there is so much to live for
 Come with me, my love
 You feel her warmth, glowing on your skin
 You're never alone, I knew we could make it
 Aaaaaaaaarrrrgh!
 Can't you feel that fire, can't you feel it burn?
 Be ready for the pain, ready for the pain!
 Well rise up, your battle has been won, your new life has begun
 I'm alive, I won't look back, aaaaah!
The Human Equation program aborted
Have a nice day
Dream Sequencer system offline
Emotions
I remember...Embed