The Latest Fashion Lyrics
Fellas? Yeah! Hit Me!
Are we ready? I do believe we are ready!
What time is it? (Yount!)
It's killing time, Morris!
I know that's right, because I am the latest fashion
(Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris
Young, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris
Go Morris, Go Morris)

I know I said I loved you
I know I said I needed you
I know I said that I'd be here always
But I what I didn't tell you is that

This year the latest fashion is to lie in the heat of passion
This year the latest fashion is to lie in the heat of passion

People tell us what we want to hear
(time) this time the tables are turned
This time we're the ones that's painting fires
Instead of getting burned (yount)
This year the latest fashion is to lie in the heat of passion
This year the latest fashion is to lie in the heat of passion

(Go Morris, go Morris, go Morris, go Morris, go Morris)
Jellybean, (Go Morris) dont be so mean, (Go Morris)
Cowboy. Heh heh, you're fired!
Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam!

People tell me what I want to hear
This time the tables are turned
Jerome, body language
(Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris
Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris
Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris
Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris)
Now do the horse (yeah)
Oak Tree! (look out)
I like that, Oak Tree!
Get ready, Chili sauce!

This year the latest fashion is to lie in the heat of passion
This year the latest fashion is to lie in the heat of passion
Fellas? (yeah) hit me, but don't you lag
Tell me what dance to do...it starts with an M ... (Murph Drag)
I am not through yet...band!
Whaa...hallelujah...whoa whoa whoa whoa

Everybody want to tell me how to play the game
When I run it better than a madame runs dames
Trying to beat me like playing pool with a rope
My funk will leave you dead because it's good and plenty dope
All in all I'm still the king and all you'all the court
If you're pregnant by a fool, then you better get abortions, yes!
Its jacked, because I'm back, and I'm harder than a heart attack
And I'm the cure for any disease 'cause ain't nobody funky like me!
(Go Morris go Morris go Morris)
Don't be a fool
(Go Morris, go Morris, go Morris)

This year the latest fashion is to lie in the heat of passion
The latest fashion
The latest fashion
The latest fashion
The latest fashionEmbed