Small Parts Isolated and Destroyed LyricsIt's been said before but I ll repeat it
Don't you feel like you've been cheated?
It's been shoved down your throats, you eat it
They say it's true, you believe it

Small parts isolated and destroyed
See the big boys play with their toys
There is one thing I will never do
Trust you
There's one thing that I have learned
All god's children will get burned
And if it comes down to me or you
Who do you think I will choose?
What's the deal? 50% of the door?
Well, then, come on in, come on in for more
What's that you say, we get a guarantee?
Then fuck right off, you mean nothing to me
Isn't this a sweet romance so why don't you get off your ass and dance?
"What about me? What about me? Can I get in for free? Can I get in for free?
You know me, you remember me
Can I get in for free? can I get in for free?"
Come on in! Come on in for free!
Don't mind the heat, don't mind the smoke
All that screaming? It's just a joke all that screaming?
Nah, it's just a joke come on in! Come on in for free! Come on in!
It's on me! The joke's on me
I'm tired of being close and feeling abused
And all those deep discussions make me wanna puke
And you're all going to see a lot less of me
I'm not the comrade that you hoped I d be
Everybody's in the groove filling the dance floor
Two by two (hey boy, I might want to fuck you) (hey girl, I might want to fuck you too)
There's liquor on your breath and magic in the air
Now we're really going to get somewhere
This is for all you girls and boys
Small parts isolated and destroyed
It's too late baby It's too late man oh baby, oh baby
You've been beaten up inside
You've been beaten up inside
That's the high point of your life
That's the high point of your life
I was beaten but I died (or is that just another lie?)
It's been said before but I ll repeat it
Don't you feel like you've been cheated?
It's been shoved down your throats, you eat it
They say it's true, you believe it
Small parts isolated and destroyed
I'd rather die than be a toy
There is one thing I will never do
Trust youEmbed