Shine Blockas Lyrics
Yeah! All the ladies say "Ho!"
All the hoes say... Hahaha
Ha, ha, ha, Gucci!
Here we go
A-Town, C-Port
Cutmaster Swift down your throat
Shawty
Boi, stop!

Sir Lucious Left Foot's on fire
Tryna block my shine just ain't gon' happen, so don't try (Boi)
Every time I get on this microphone, I like to spit
Inking hit up after hit, this penmanship is so legit
I came equipped like a prophylactic, now they riding dicks
Like styling on these suckers out here tryna buy they bitch
Now they rich, try convince everybody to trick off
But a true boss done paid the cost, she giving away them drawers
Word to the brown, James, he some chicken chow mein
Really, mayne, you done said the silly things
And the fella Dana Dane, boy, you cuffed and claimed a dame
Hey, my main thang got my last name, yah dah dah mean?
Ha, ha, ha, ha

I—I'm on my grind, shawty
Don't block my shine, shawty (What?)
Hold up, hold up, guess who just showed up?
Rolled up, Rolls cut', drop with the doors up
I'm on my grind, shawty
Don't block my shine, shawty
Wait a minute (Wait a minute), chill a little, sit a minute
I can't close my safe no more, 'cause I got too much money in it
They put Gucci in a cell, then Madea went to jail (Well damn)
I make music, I make movies, I make Tyler Perry sales
Loud smell coming out the Lamb, fuck it, what the hell
Gucci Mane, so I'm Gucci'd down, she got on Chanel (Chanel)
In the cut, rolling stupid kush like I'm in a rush
In the club with a half a pound, hunnid-fifty blunts
Zone 6, East Atlanta's own, fuck with me the long...(Gucci)
So I shine like it's showtime, all my jewelry on (Brr, brr, brr, brr)
On the block with my stupid watch, boy, you need to stop
When I stop, everybody watch, car don't have a top (Nyoom)
In a stretch, cost a stupid check, roll another pack (Racks)
And I'm gone, I can't even flex; Eastside, where you at?
It's Gucci!

I—I'm on my grind, shawty
Don't block my shine, shawty (What?)
Hold up (Hold up), guess who just showed up?
Rolled up, Rolls cut', drop with the doors up
I'm on my grind, shawty
Don't block my shine, shawty
Wait a minute, wait a minute, chill a little, sit a minute
I can't close my safe no more, 'cause I got too much—

Can't be tripping 'bout no paper 'cause the safe is not so safe
The piggy bank got legs and feet
And can get up and walk away, shawty
With my southern drawl, awkwardly I spray
Like the backside of a skunk, in the stash house with the pump
Pistol grip in my lap at all times in the 'Lac
From Atlanta to Savannah, can't a nigga stop that
Not when God's got his hands on me, only the strong surviving
The weak-minded are falling by the wayside, they try
But we shall overcome and succeed, indeed
With success, there comes a great responsibility
We chose to lead, not follow; it's a hard pill to swallow
Better get prescriptions filled 'cause there might not be tomorrow
Ha, ha, ha, ha
I—I'm on my grind, shawty
Don't block my shine, shawty (What?)
Hold up (Hold up), guess who just showed up?
Rolled up, Rolls cut', drop with the doors up
I'm on my grind, shawty
Don't block my shine, shawty
Wait a minute, wait a minute, chill a little, sit a minute (Chill)
I can't close my safe no more, 'cause I got too much money in it

Ha, ha
Yeah, yeah, y—yeah
Ugh, A-Town representer
Hol—Hol—Hold up
East Point, College Park
Decatur
Yeah!
I got my armor on, sword and shield on deck
Yeah!4Embed