Frankie And Albert (Completion) Lyrics
Frank went by a house, she looked through the window-glass
They didn't put the window shade down, and Albert was sittin' there in the woman's arms
She couldn't stand to see her man sittin' in the woman's arms
When she walked back, she come back, and she said

Frankie went by her house, did not give no alarm
Looked through the window-glass, Albert's sittin' in the woman's arms
"He's my man, lawd he done me wrong
He's my man, lawd he done me wrong"

Frankie come back, she shot him
Frankie said "oh my"
When the bullet from his 41, hear what he said

Frankie, she shot Albert; fell upon his knees
"Oh policeman, don't let that woman kill me!
I'm her man and I done her wrong
I'm her man and I done her wrong"

She come back and shot him one more time
Frank, she shot Albert; fell all in a knot
"Oh Mrs. Johnson, see where your son is shot!
I'm your son and the only one
I'm your son and the only one"

Then Mrs. Johnson come down and look at her son
When she got there, he turned over the last time
He just didn't know his mother when she got there

I'm your son and the only one
I'm your son and the only one

Frankie had known enough to go to Mrs. Johnson and fall down on her knees
She killed the last child she had in the world

Frankie went to Mrs. Johnson, fell down on her knees
"Oh, Mrs. Johnson, will you forgive me please?
Killed your son and the only one"

Mrs. Johnson looked back
"I'll forgive you Frankie, I'll forgive you not
Killed poor Albert, only son I've got
He's my son and the only one"

Takin' Albert to the graveyard

Takin' Albert to the graveyard, when they let him down
Frankie was a-screamin', with a doleful sound
"Killed you, man, 'cause you done me wrong
I killed you, man, 'cause you done me wrong"

Then Albert six feet in the ground, Frankie at the graveyard

Frankie went down the headboard, fell down on her knees
"Speak one word, Albert, give my heart some ease
Killed you, man, 'cause you done me wrong"

Frankie and Mrs. Johnson, and here's what she said

Bye-bye, bye-bye
Bye-bye, bye-bye
My son, my son
My son, my son
Oh, Lord!
Oh, Lord!
Oh, Lord!
Bye-bye, bye-bye
Bye-bye, bye-byeEmbed