Reunion LyricsMama, can I? Huh? Mama, can I? Huh, huh?
Can I, Mama? Won’t you please let me, Mama? Can I? Huh?
That’s the sweetest little dress, Sally where’d you get the pattern?
Made me one just like it out of yellow dotted Swiss
Yes, I guess we got the earliest garden in the county
Beneath the strawberries are a heap of snappin' greenbeans
(It’s been so long since I saw you, How’s your family?
Too bad about your boy)
Mama, make Willie quit pullin' at my hair
Mama, ouch! Ouch! Mama, just make Willie quit it!
Tommy, if ya don’t put down that stick
I’m gonna wear you out with it, boy, be quick
Come quick, Sammy Jean stuck her finger in a Coke bottle
Can’t get it out ‘cause it’s stuck, stuck, stuck
(Dad finally had his operation
You know how he is at puttin’ off things)
Now, I told you my mama didn’t raise no fool
I can do anything if I got the right tool
Mama, can I? Huh? Mama, can I? Huh, huh?
Can I, Mama? Won’t you please let me, Mama? Can I? Huh?
The crops been failin', Lord, it sure is dry
You’d think that we’d get a sprinkle by and by
(Family reunion, listen to ‘em talk, listen to 'em talk, talk)
Gonna tear you up, girl, gonna get a switchin'
Better tell your cousin that you’re sorry that you hit her
(Abby McGuinness’s in love with Abel’s oldest boy
It’s apt to kill her ma)
If I told you once, it’s been a thousand times
Quit askin' your uncles for nickels and dimes
Mama, make Willie quit it, pullin' at my hair
Mama, ouch! Ouch! Mama, just make Willie quit it!
I told you my Mama didn’t raise no fool
I can do anything if I got the right tool
(Family reunion, listen to ‘em talk, listen to 'em talk, talk)
Did it again, put her finger in a Coke bottle
Can’t get it out ‘cause it’s stuck, stuck, stuck
(I heard this mornin’ they drug the Tallahatchie River
And found poor Billie Joe)
Ah, a little head cold, that’s all ya have
You fix it right up with a jar of Vicks salve
It’s first time ever that the family been together
It’s so nice that we all get along so well
(Family reunion, listen to ‘em talk, listen to 'em talk, talk)
He’s got the money, you’d think that he’d try
To do somethin' for his mama before she died
Now, I don’t mean to criticize your cookin', no I don’t
But I think that you could add a little bit of pepper
(Cordy, I’d love to have your recipe
Is that the cake you served last Sunday?)
I told you my mama didn’t raise no fool
I can do anything if I got the right tool
Mama, make Willie quit bitin' at me!
Mama, ouch! Ouch! Mama, just make Willie quit it!
Why yes, I guess
And don’t you look nice in your Sunday dress?
Doesn’t Sally look tacky in her silly little dress?
You can see that she just doesn’t know no better
(Can you imagine, she let her daughter Rosalie
Go off to Memphis by herself)
Mama, can I? Huh? Mama, can I? Huh, huh?
Mama, won’t you please let, Mama, Mama? Can I? Huh?Embed