Unbreakable Lyrics
Yeah, yeah, ah

Now I'm just wonderin', ah, why you think, uh
That you can get to me, uh, with anything? Nah
Seems like you'd know by now when and how I get down, nah
And with all that I've been through, ah, I'm still around

Don't you ever make no mistake
Baby, I got what it takes
And there's no way, you'll never get me (Come on, uh)
And why can't you see that you'll never, ever hurt me?
'Cause I won't let it be, see, I'm too much for you, baby (Take on)

You can't believe it, ah
You can't conceive it
And you can't touch me, ah
'Cause I'm untouchable
And I know you hate it, ah
And you can't take it
You'll never break me, ah
'Cause I'm unbreakable
Doo-doo-dah
Oh, dah, ah, a-da, well, ah, ah

Now you can't stop me, nah, even though you think, ah
That if you block me, ah, you've done your thing, ah
And when you bury me underneath all your pain
I'm steady laughin', hah, while surfacing

Don't you ever make no mistake
Baby, I've got what it takes (Yeah)
And there's no way, you'll never get me (You can't do it, baby)
And why can't you see that you'll never ever hurt me? (Come on)
'Cause I won't let it be, see, I'm too much for you baby
(I'm too much for you, baby)

You can't believe it, ah
You can't conceive it
And you can't touch me, ah
'Cause I'm untouchable
And I know you hate it, ah
And you can't take it
You'll never break me (You can't break me), ah
'Cause I'm unbreakable
You can't believe it (Yeah, unbreakable)
Ah, you can't conceive it
And you can't touch me (You can't touch me)
Ah, 'cause I'm untouchable (Why do you do it, baby?)
And I know you hate it (Come on, now), ah
And you can't take it (Yeah)
You'll never break me
You can't stand it, because I'm unbreakable
You can try to stop me, uh
But it won't do a thing
No matter what you do
I'm still gonna be here (Be here)
Through all your lies and silly games
I'ma still remain the same
I'm (Uh) un—(Uh)—breakable (What? Uh)

A lime to a lemon, my D.C. women
Bringing in 10 G minimums to condos with elevators in 'em
Vehicles with televisions in 'em
Watch they entourage turn yours to just mirages
Disappearing acts, strictly 9's and MAC's
Killers be serial, Copperfield material
My dreams is vivid, work hard to live it
Any place I visit, I got land there
How can players stand there and say I sound like them? Hello
Push wigs back and push six Coupes that's yellow
Plus clips that expand from hand to elbow
Spray up your Day's Inn, any telly you in
Crack baggin', sick of braggin' how my mink be draggin'
Desert E's, street sweepers inside the Beamer wagon
I rely on Bed-Stuy to shut it down if I die
Put that on my diamond bezel, you're messin' with the devil, what?
You can't believe it, ah
You can't conceive it (Yeah)
And you can't touch me, ah (I'm untouchable)
'Cause I'm untouchable ('Cause I'm untouchable)
And I know you hate it, ah
And you can't take it (Yeah)
You'll never break me (Ah), nah
'Cause I'm unbreakable (I'm unbreakable)
You can't believe it, ah
You can't conceive it (You, you, you, you, you!)
And you can't touch me, ah
'Cause I'm untouchable
And I know you hate it (You hate it)
And you can't take it (Hoo!)
You'll never break me (I'm unbreakable)
'Cause I'm unbreakable
You can't believe it, ah (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) (Hoo-hoo-hoo!)
You can't conceive it
And you can't touch me (Yeah), ah
'Cause I'm untouchable
And I know you hate it (Why did you do it?)
And you can't take it (Just why did you do it?) (Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!)
You'll never break me
You can't touch me, you can't break me
You can't stand it, because I'm unbreakable

Ooh!
Go on16Embed