You Rock My World Lyrics
Oh man! Look at that girl, right there!
Goodness gracious! That girl fine, man!
Look at it, she just too fine! She know she fine too!
She is banging!
She's off the hook!
She looks good, you're right
Hey, I bet you, can't nobody get that girl
Chris, I can get her
You can't get that girl, Mike
I guarantee you can't get that girl!
Watch me get that girl
I bet you never-Neverland, you can't
I can get her
All right! Shomon, then, Shomon!
Watch
I don't think they're ready for this one
Darkchild, I like that
My life will never be the same
'Cause girl, you came and changed
The way I walk
The way I talk
I cannot explain these things I feel for you
But girl, you know it's true
Stay with me, fulfill my dreams
And I'll be all you'll need
Oh, oh, oh, oh, ooh, it feels so right (Girl)
I've searched for the perfect love all my life (All my life)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, ooh, it feels like I (Like I)
Have finally found her perfect love is mine (See)
And I finally found, come on, girl

You rocked my world, you know you did
And everything I own I give (You rocked my world)
The rarest love who'd think I'd find
Someone like you to call mine (You rocked my world)
You rocked my world, you know you did (Girl)
And everything I own I give (Come on, girl)
The rarest love who'd think I'd find
Someone like you to call mine

In time I knew that love would bring
This happiness to me
I tried to keep my sanity
I waited patiently
Girl, you know it seems
My life is so complete
A love that's true because of you
Keep doing what you do
Oh, oh, oh, oh, who'd think that I (Oh)
Have finally found the perfect love I searched for all my life (Searched for all my life)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, who'd think I'd find
(Whoa oh oh)
Such a perfect love that's awesomely so right (Whoa, girl)

You rocked my world, you know you did (Come on, come on, come on, come on)
And everything I own I give
The rarest love who'd think I'd find (Girl)
Someone like you to call mine (You rocked my world)
You rocked my world (You rocked my world), you know you did
And everything I own I give (Girl, girl, girl)
The rarest love who'd think I'd find
Someone like you to call mine (Girl)
You rocked my world, you know you did (Oh)
And everything I own I give (You rocked my world)
The rarest love who'd think I'd find
Someone like you to call mine
You rocked my world (Oh), you know you did
And everything I own I give (To rock my world)
The rarest love who'd think I'd find
Someone like you to call mine

And girl, I know that this is love
I feel the magic all in the air
And girl, I'll never get enough
That's why I always have to have you here, hoo
You rocked my world (You rocked my world), you know you did
And everything I own I give (Look what you did to me, baby, yeah)
The rarest love who'd think I'd find
Someone like you to call mine (You rocked my world)
You rocked my world, you know you did (Know you did baby)
And everything I own I give (Cause you rocked my world)
The rarest love who'd think I'd find (Hoo, hoo)
Someone like you to call mine
You rocked my world
(You rocked my world, you know you did)
The way you talk to me, the way you're lovin' me
The way you give it to me
You rocked my world, you know you did
(Give it to me)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah ooh)
You rocked my world (You rocked my world), you know
You did
(You rocked my world, you rocked my world)
(Come on, girl) You rocked my world (Come on, girl)
You know you did
(Baby, baby, baby)
And everything I own I give
The rarest love who'd think I'd find
Someone like you to call mine
You rocked my world, you know you did
And everything I own I give
The rarest love who'd think I'd find
Someone like you to call mine43Embed