Wild Minks Lyrics

Listen up, I got a story to tell

John the Baptist wore wild minks
Strewn 'bout the room with a swoon and a wink
Big body Bethlehem links
Top model, playing piano while he thinks
What's perfection when life's interesting on the brink?
Gregorian chants over drinks
In reverence from legends historians seek
Tone of Charlie's good grief
With the soul of James' good feet
Those who never ate of strange fruits
Think his tooth is unique
Yet within his group he's very couth at the least
Jus' well in tune with the movements of beasts
In the dark age he was unfazed by the new waves
And stayed true to his old ways
Word on the streets, was that he parted seas with ease
And broke breads with saints and thieves
The shade of his sleeve was the same as the slaves to kings
The raven's wit and the mood that brings
The understanding of the enemy
And power in the song one sings
A boast that Joseph's coat would beg to emote
Feasting on meats that was bled from the throat
Lambs and goats
Wiping the grease from said treats on the sleeves of his coats
Messages received from burnin' trees was translated to tablets so the heard could read, indeed
He ghost wrote psalms, but few saw him on the scene
Masterpieces for the paychecks
Said he wants the same they cut Mike for the Sistine
Been an umpteen since he pissed clean
And stopped attending lessons, couple blocks from the bean
Don't try to rewrite your story when you die
Johnny boy wore wild minks, and so will I
Why not?

Hey, hey sweetheart, bring me a glass, will ya?
Not a cup, a glass, rhymes with class, ya understand?
Come on, smarten up
It's alright, it's alright
Bobby Sherman, Christmas album, that's where I got my style from, quite frankly
And I had this Panamanian tailor, this guy name Mr. Holt, I mean this guy, I'm talkin' about a marvel with needle and thread, you know what I mean?
You don't find guys that make clothes like this anymore, you know?
The linings he would come up with, you understand?
His business card, it didn't say fuckin' tailor, it said fuckin' interior decorator
And he comes up with these own patterns, you understand what I'm saying?
To the point where, you wanted to take the fuckin blazer off and turn it inside out and wear it inside out, you know, you understand what I'm saying?
Because that's how fuckin' marvelous you'd look here
You know, we're talking, it's the '60s, it's free love, and everybody's got the fuckin', you know, the dashikis and the tie-dye on
And you want to fit in, you know, you don't wanna be the odd man out
They got hot girls that look, you know, they got hot girls, you know, hot hippie girls
You've seen a couple of them, yeah you know?
The other broads, you don't-
Hey sweetheart? Do me a favor?
Hey sweetheart, you up there?
Can, can you bring me a glass? I'm thirsty here1Embed