WYRM Lyrics
Will you remember me?
I woke up at 5 in the morning, wondered, "Why"?
When every breath is just a step to death
Every GOAT's another second best
When I die, will I survive, or will I fade until there's nothin' left?
A second guess before I light an orange and white up, but I'm pressed
'Til the stress takes another 0 and 1 lead
Ain't been the same since since the 2B let it bleed through me
Swore I'd join the twenty-seven entertainin' heaven
And live it up real proper, king shit, 'til they dead him
In between the lines of each rhyme
Is the same saying
Will you remember me?
Am I just a moment for few to see?
Another black face rapping nigga on a cash chase?
Dozen for a dime, penny for your mind at one time?
Hopin' the next sleep that I meet
Ain't the brother with a cousin named
RIP before his come up came
I know the game
Same shit that had Pac in the tub with the chains, switchin' lanes
Kane in the robe with Godivas
Growin' pains, family Seaver
Often understated, but they need us
Will you remember me?
Over twenty albums deep
And still a new artist every two harvests
Candid creep off another peak, can it be?
Closer, yet further away every leap
Will you remember me?
Yo, came to at eight in the evenin'
Wondering if I'm still dreamin'
It's up for debate, so
Fans mistaken, his story got lost in the pathos
Uh-oh, moments to fix
You need to get more than just Maaco
Never worried where the hunger went
Which is why they couldn't see what he was comin' with
I learned the spells
I can recreate anything that these niggas claimin' is too legit
But would only make me the same as what I aim to shift
So for these gifts, would you remember me?
Will I be one of the greatest that's never listed on pages next to B.I.G.
Tryin' to guide the script to my life, but this ain't D&D
Rollin' the die since LP 3E
Sure as Al B, I chill peel a cool mil off my last piece
And get the whole fam' a new lease
But reality and optimism don't often coincide
Again, forced to swallow pride until my next reach
By then, will you remember me?1Embed