$krillionaire Lyrics
I want it bad
I want it bad
I want it bad
I want it

I know you have a mix you wanna spin, and
I know you wanna prove your dominance
And you want all my Klonopin
So, I'll trade you for your confidence
So I can uncurl from the little ball I'm in
I got a problem with incontinence at night
So why should I make promises that
I'll remain anonymous?
I don't wanna be a party to your pompousness
I wanna plot a diss, I get a lot of shit that I can grin and bear
I was undercover for a minute there
Why you wanna fuckin' undercut me like I'm Skrillex hair?
It's not a date, so you say we split the bill and share
I hate everyone that wants to be a millionaire
So frickin' bad, so frickin' bad
I wanna be a millionaire, so frickin'...

I'm not that dumb, I just have dumb luck
And I'm just unkempt with my shirt untucked
And maybe you're a pro, and maybe you're the master
And everything I do, you do it cooler and faster
And everything I do, you do it better
And crumble up my effort like it's feta
And talk about the devil 'cause you're so black metal
You talk about the devil 'cause you're so black metal
And when I wet the bed, I'll clean it up
I mean it, I can swear it on my freckles
I been quiet as a kettle on a cold stove
And I been black n'mild like an old clove
And I been acting childish I know, bro
I cry all of the time and I'm Eliza in the wild
And I babble to the tigers in the forest
Black eyeliner, so I see with eyes of Horus
In Florida, I spit on all the visor wearing tourists
I'm bitter 'cause I do cool shit and you ignore it
I spit on all the visor wearing tourists
I'm bitter 'cause I do cool shit and you ignore it
And why am I your dirty little secret?
I'm all American, but I'm not a reject
Why am I your dirty little secret?
Is it because of all the undies that I peed in?
And I'm your dirty little secret
I'm all American, but I'm not a reject
Why am I your dirty little secret?
Is it because of all the undies that I peed in?

And no, I get it, you don't have to be a braggart
Your songs are better, and control of your bladder
And you tell me, "persevere!", I'll push you under ladders
And I'll see you in seven years, that's bad, huh?
I'll see you in seven years, sucka please
You're makin' fun of all my lyrics and my rubber sheets
I hope your toast lands where it's buttery
I hope you stub all of the ruddy toes on your muddy feet
I hope you do a lot of coke, end up with bloody teeth
And I hope that you admit that you're in love with me
And I hope you do it publicly

But you wanna be a millionaire
And you fuckin' undercut me like I'm Skrillex hair
Why do you fuckin' undercut me like I'm Skrillex hair?
You keep me undercover and it isn't fair
Why you wanna fuckin' undercut me like I'm Skrillex hair?
I'm all American, but I'm not a reject
Why am I your dirty little secret?
Is it because of all the undies that I peed in?
And I'm your dirty little secret
I'm all American, but I'm not a reject
Why am I your dirty little secret?
Is it because of all the undies that I peed in?1Embed