Overweight Lyrics
Ever carried the weight of another?
For how long?
I walk as far as they need to recover
For how long? (ha!)

I want to carry a piece of who I was before
So when I hit the wall, I really hit the wall
I want to tear away the death again
A whiter shade of fucking meth again
I want to stick to clues, I want to come unglued
I want to shape the world to fit the way you move
Oh, should I listen for a dress size?
I owned up, I've grown up, do you remember me?
I showed up and so what if I'm the used to be?
I'm here to tell you that I'm sorry I was sorry
But I'm happy that you're happy
This is no longer about me
Trade roles, switch sides for your beautiful eyes
Let him be there through your beautiful cries
Let him hold you up so you can touch affordable skies
Live your life just like a dream without the pain of goodbyes
Goodbye!

Ever carried the weight of another?
For how long?
I walk as far as they need to recover
For how long?
I been a drunk disrespectful little street punk
Unlock the back of my trunk
You see, you take this bat
And bash my head into the street again
No one's around, so I keep beating it
I pull my hair back, look me in the eye
There's a self-destructive meaning in the bleeding of a guy
It's the guilt of what reality has given me
Making sense of all mistakes and my stupidity
And when you're sick, you seem to think you failed eternally
And that the people you let in are only crumbling
When you're sick of faking life in this recovery
When my decision paved the road that lies in front of me
So to the friends that even call but I don't call back
I want you deep inside my heart upon a hill
It seems to hide sometimes and run away and wonder
I'm really sick of saying sorry, but I will

Ever carried the weight of another?
For how long?
I walk as far as they need to recover
For how long?

But are we scared to take the ride?
Or dare to look inside?
I'm floating far away (Far away)
I'm floating far away (Leaving home)
I'm floating far away (So far away)
I'm floating far away
I want to learn to walk with others as an equal
I want to treat the ones who love me with respect
I want to tell the world I'll give them all a piggyback
And try to take away my negative effect
I want to kiss a girl and know I'll never lie again
I want to call my dad and tell him that I care
I want to let my brother know he saved my life a thousand times
Throughout the years, he's been my friend who's always there
Ever carried the weight of another?
For how long?Embed