Water Medley Lyrics

Water, water, water, water
Water (I need some water)
Water (I need some water)
Water (I need some water)
Water

I planted my garden outside their wall
Trapped the sun inside my hand, fed them water I caught
From the tears of god, my brain storm made rain fall
Like a miracle, my life force, their light source
And the power bill high like I, the sky provide
My water supply, no need to rely
On anyone, I'm certified, purified
I don't want any kind of herbicide
Or fungicide, I'm from the countryside
Sow my seed and feed my son
I'ma take the land I'm loaned and grow my shrubs
I don't worship land lords, I live the land's law
I store my rain water for the new world war
When the water get short the people get bought
The rich get richer from the rain that pour
But I rely only on my own mind
Cause you only know the worth when the well run's dry
Water
Water
World getting warmer (World getting warmer while the order getting out of order)
Days getting shorter (Days getting shorter while the walls getting taller)
New world order (Pour a glass full of a water for my daughter watch her crawl up)
Nuclear water (To the sky like i taught her, all she needs is light and water)
World getting warmer (World getting warmer while the order getting out of order)
Walls getting taller (Days getting shorter while the walls getting taller)
New world order (Pour a glass full of a water for my daughter watch her crawl up)
Nuclear water (To the sky like i taught her, all she needs is light and water)


Stay hydrated
Yeah I stay hydrated. Keep my mind vibrating
On that higher plane. I need that excitation
Yeah I stay Friday night in my cave hibernating
I need isolation. I need hydration
Yeah I stay hydrated. Keep my mind vibrating
On that higher plane. I need that excitation
Yeah I stay Friday night in my cave hibernating
I need isolation. I need...

I don't need no air time i just need a little spare time
Care about a fresh pair i just wanna little fresh air
Ride my bike down to the pier. wipe my mind clear and repair myself
I'm aware i'm a weird guy, that's a clear sign of an air-sign
Double sided Gemini. never really satisfied
High roller/bipolar loner, home alone on a Friday night
Failed artist in this prime of his life. high as a kite, hydrated on
Hiatus from the Wi-Fi trynna migrate to the sky
Introverted, extroverted hermit. underrated, undeserving perfectly
Imperfect down to earth earthling. personable person in person
Certified uncertain. working on my over working. unlearning
Early bird with a burden. chirping. living and learning while bridges are burning
Down to down a downer whenever i'm down and out and out of luck
Down as fuck to fuck an upper up, up all night and up to nothing much
Double the dose and dosey doe home on a friday let my little liver live a little, give the middle finger
To my kidney and hit me with a little bit of
"It'll be all good in the morning" juice to induce my slumber
Pour the rum to numb my gums and roll a blunt to put me under
Anesthesia, keep my mind in order, pour the port and try ignore the
Problems until Sunday morning then i pour a glass of water
All over my fried brain dried out from a Friday
Rain down on me cloud 9 you know that I
Stay hydrated, vibrating on that higher plane
Ain't got no time to waste
Yeah i stay Friday night in my cave hibernating
I need isolation, I need hydration
Yeah I stay hydrated. Keep my mind vibrating
On that higher plane. I need that excitation
Yeah I stay Friday night in my cave, hibernating I need
Isolation I need, hydration I need
Hydration i need...
Hydration i need...


Ego go free, ego go free, ego go free I
Ego go free, ego go free, ego go free
Ego go free

I pour the water for the hangover, balance out the bipolar
Deaths def getting closer, but i'm getting a hold of getting older
Getting over all the over thinking, giving up on giving up the drinking
Letting go of what i'm holding on to, letting death take me where he wants to
Spend the day sowing seeds, spend a k blowing trees
Writing shit i probably won't release, wanting only what i know i need
Most of my bros are fiends, coffee beans or coca leaves
Leaving broken dreams over seas, working for a god they don't believe in
But, just as long their eating, sweet then, nothing wrong with competing
But just for as long as i'm breathing, i'll be writing songs for no reason
No meaning and no purpose, 103 bar verses A life's work worth of worthless words, fire wood for my furnace
Write it down, rip it up think about giving up
Flip it up and realize i didn't make it for making a living off
I'm sick of i'm sitting up, up the middle of the night considering whether i did enough
I'm tired of living up to what a critic considers the real definition of what music is. i don't give a fuck anymore
I don't got nothing to prove, I got nothing to lose
It's nothing to me if I'm nothing to you and if i'm never nothing it ain't nothing new
These are the thoughts of a mumbling fool. son of a summer in June
I been down on my luck i been up with the moon. i been up in my room like a fucking recluse
But, can not complain ; Love cannot contain hate
Can not explain ; I'm not no saint
Just a man. so keep the bread i just wanna jam
Just lost a grand, but i got some bands
And i just wanna bang on pots and pans
Say what i wanna say when i wanna say
Take me a holiday when i wanna break
Pay what you want to pay for it. i'm straight
Long as the rent ain't late i'll wait
I made it for the sake of making art, painted pain up on a pane of glass
Fought a writer with a blade of grass, put my ego in my lady's palm
Use to wanna try to make it large, till i saw my baby take a bath
Now the goal is just make him laugh, now the dream is just to make it last
Tryna paint the days of past. days i never made it past
Looking for an answer for the questions i'm afraid to ask
Take a sip, take a half, and then take a trip straight to Mars
Take the chance, take the mask off and dance your naked arse off
Praise the lord from Paisley Park, let's raise a glass to David's star
Let's make a toast in the name of Ra to make the most of this crazy party
Days are fading fast, better get off my lazy arse
The ending really ain't that far, love really ain't as hard as you say you are...
Ego go free, ego go free, ego go free I
Ego go free, ego go free, ego go free
Ego go free I1Embed