Your Mind Belongs To The State Lyrics
Male Interviewer: Do you accept your existence with a certain piece of mind?
The Philosopher: Well, I accept my existence, um,  I don't accept the situation I find myself in on this planet now. It is a real struggle
Male Interviewer: The situation being?
The Philosopher: That I live in a culture which is uh, permeated by dominance and oppression ah, but it's not only been my culture, it's around the world
The Filmmaker: I think they will rebel toward experience awaiting everyone. It has to do with finding out who and what you really are. I think when that occurs, it occurs you reach Nirvana dash Heaven and the degree to which you don't reach that place, you're in eternal Hell
Male Interviewer: Is this the person speaking  whose abandoned his origins?
Male Interviewer: What do want from the rest of your life? Are you afraid of death?
The Filmmaker: I have seen people killed... uh, and I've seen them killed in the act of self-defense not by me, but by somebody else. It was justified, and you know what? That's show biz
Lose your mind
Your soul
Control
And then your body (x2)
Male Interviewer: Do you have murder and rage in your soul?
The Jazz Man: In astonishing quantities
Male Interviewer: Are you afraid of insanity? Of going insane?
The Artist: (laughing) Me? (laughing) Yeah. (laughing)
Male Interviewer:What do you want from the rest of your life? Can you envision an end of the Universe? Where there's nothing again?
The Filmmaker: Never. Never
The Mother: I think it will change. I don't think it will disappear entirely. I think it will go on forever
Male Interviewer: Are you afraid of death?
The Painter: One day I woke up in Miami
Lose your mind
Your soul
Control
And then your body (x2)
The Filmmaker: When you meet a lady and she says, "Well, would you like to make love?" Well the first thing I like to do is fuck, not make love
The Model:  I feel good making love to men, not screwing men
The Astronomer: At the end there will be nothing. There will be no atoms, no molecules, no sub-atomic particles. No thing at all, nothing, at the end
The Interviewer: Do you live on in some way after death?
The Jazz Man: Well, I like to think so. Once you die everything doesn't just go "kaflooey"
The Violinist: You know, I think there, there is some order to a consciousness
The Interviewer: What do you want from the rest of your life?
You better lose your mind (x4)
I do believe it's wrong, definitely
Standing around, and laughing at someone, infringing on people's rights
They laugh at you, or they could jump out of cars, they rob you
Somebody could giggle at you. That's a violation of your civil rights
Comedy. That's what the world is for. That's what it's based on. That's what this economy is based on
Are you telling me that you don't see the connection between government and laughing at people?
Listen, somewhere they're gonna hang 'em. I would take my belt off, and I would (slap) wham!
If he back-talks to me, I'll slap him across the face
Fish should deal with fish, and that way, they could only prey on fish
Possibly fines, exile. Mental institutions. Correction place. Should use a baseball bat on 'em. A good (slap) whack on the seat
They might even jeopardize the fish. Dog, not halibut. Contamination
A nuthouse
The Alcatraz
JailEmbed