Big Time (Live in Long Beach, July 1981) Lyrics
Do-do-do-do-do, Do-do-do-do-do-do
Big time

Listen up
I wanted to be on a stage
Where bright lights shine on me
At Carnegie
I polished up my act
I knew the crowds would see I had the knack
And that's a fact
Glamour and fame
Wasn't much more than a crazy game
I had to play
And now I got my wish
I don't know if I can handle this
You know what? But I think I'm — sing!

I'm in the big time, big time
And I know success is all mine, all mine, baby
Big time, big time

Do-do-do-do-do, Do-do-do-do-do-do
Big time
I'm in the big, big time
Do-do-do-do-do, Do-do-do-do-do-do
Big time
Ay Long Beach Arena, give it up for funk
I was born to funk
I was born to funk and roll in the big time
He was born to funk
He was born to funk and roll in the big time
I was born to funk
I was born to funk and roll in the big time
He was born to funk
He was born to funk and roll in the big time

HO! Break it down
Ay, let me look at ya, break it down
Well, what's happenin', L.A.?
If you feel pretty good tonight, let me hear ya say "Hell yeah"
You know what? This the first encounter of the funky kind we gonna do tonight
And we like to get a groove going before we start the show off
But I want you to know one thing: Before we leave, we gon' turn this muthafunka out
Oh, hell yeah! Oh, hell yeah!
Now listen up, L.A., put your hands together, I wanna look at ya
Now, there seems to be some people out there who don't know what a party is
You know what I'm sayin'? Hell yeah
Let me break it down for ya
You paid too much money to come in here and sit on your ass, right?
So, the best thing to do is just have a good time, right?
So, for all you cool people out there, all you L-7 people, here's what you do
Raise your left hand, raise it high
Now, pretend it's the Ku Klux Klan, now smack the shit out of it
Keep that groove going
There still seems to be some cool people in here tonight
But we gon' change all that, break it down
Listen up, keep that groove going, party people
For all you people who still think it's old-fashioned to clap, here's another one for ya
Cool people, take your left hand, hold it in the air
Now, pretend it's that sucker down there in Atlanta killing all those Black children
Now smack the shit out of it
Now, people in the balcony, can you hear me?
People over here, can you hear me?
I wanna ask a question, Long Beach:
Where's the party? (Party over here)
Where's the party, Long Beach? (Party over there)
Where's the party? (Party over here)
Back over here, say, where's the party? (Party over there)
Where's the party, L.A.? (Party over there)
Where's the party over here? (Party over there)
Everybody, where is the party?
Big time, big time
Success is all mine, all mine, baby
Big time, big time
Gonna have myself a time

Do-do-do-do-do, Do-do-do-do-do-do
Big time
Do-do-do-do-do, Do-do-do-do-do-do
Big time

I say, I say, I say, go 'head, go 'head
(Go 'head) Go 'head (Go head) Go 'head
(Go 'head) Go 'head (Go head) Go 'head...Embed