Fire and Desire Lyrics
Wow
It's really good to see you again, baby
And I must admit you're looking very, very, very nice these days
I guess life must be treating you well
Oh, me?
Well, I've just been doin' the same ol' thing I've always been doin'
You know, I've got a new lady now
And it's a little different then it was when I was with you
You know, I think back to when we met
The way I used to be and the cold way I use to act
But more than that, I think of how you changed me with your love and sensitivity
Remember when I used to

Love them and leave them
That's what I used to do
Use and abuse them
Then I laid eyes on you
It was pain before pleasure
That was my claim to fame
With every measure, baby
Tasted teardrop stains, yeah
I was cold as ice long ago, baby, baby
I wasn't very, very, very nice, you know
Sugar, sugar, sugar
Then I kissed your lips
And you turned on my fire, baby
And you burn me up within your flame
Took me a little higher
Made me live again
You turned on my fire, baby
Then you showed me what a love could do
Fire and desire, baby
Feel it comin' through
And I thank you, baby

Oh, how I thank you, baby
You taught me so much
And you showed me so much and love and insensitivity
And since you've been gone I don't think I've ever felt this way before
You know it's funny how a man can change
So quickly from a cold blooded person
Thinkin' he's God gift to women
Remember how I used to do that?
I must have been crazy then
Remember when you used to

Love them and leave them
Oh, that's what I used to do
Use them and abuse them, whoa
Then I laid eyes on you
It was pain before pleasure
Oh, that was my claim to fame
With every measure
Tasted your teardrop stains, yeah
You were cold as ice (Woo...hoo...hoo...hoo...)
Baby, baby
I-I wasn't, I-I wasn't very nice, I know, woo...
Sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar
Then I kissed your lips

And you (You turned on) turned (You turned on) on
(You turned on my fire) my fire, baby (Ooh...)
Then you showed me what a love could do (Woo...hoo...)
Fire and desire (Fire and desire)
Feelin' good to you (Feelin' good to you)
You turned on my fire (Fire, ooh...ooh...), baby (Oh, baby)
And you burn me up within your flame (You burn me, you burn me)
Fire and desire (Fire and desire)
And we're both to blame, both to blame (Ooh...ooh...)

You know
I guess I think we both said a little too much today
(No, ooh...hoo...hoo...)
After all, Tee, you're kind of with somebody else
I'm kind of livin' with somebody (Ooh...ooh...ooh...)
But please do me a favor just before you go (What is it, baby?)
Just put your arms around me and hold me like you used to
(I wanna hold you tight)
Tell me "Rick" (Oh...oh...) "Everything is gonna be alright"
(Everything, everything, everything is gonna be alright)
Put your arms around me
Put your arms around me (Ooh...)
(Ooh ooh...)
Oh, baby (Woo...ooh...ooh...)
Oh, baby (Ooh...ooh...ooh...ooh...ooh...ooh...ooh...)
(Ooh...ooh...ooh...ooh...oh)Embed