Mary Jane (Live in Long Beach, July 1981) Lyrics
Somebody give me some of that Mary Jane
Hit it!
L.A., sing!

Do-do-do-do Say what?
Mary Jane
I wanna hear you sing it, baby, sing, what
Mary Jane
Uh, what y'all wanna smoke tonight?
Mary Jane
What's the name of this song?
Mary Jane

I'm in love with Mary Jane
She's my main thing
She makes me feel alright (She what?)
She makes my heart sing
And when I'm feeling low
She comes as no surprise
Turns me on with her love
Takes me to paradise
Say what?
Do you love me, Mary Jane?
Ah, L.A., sing it, sing it, baby
Do ya? Do ya? Do ya? Do ya? Do ya? Do ya?
Now do you think you love me, Mary Jane
Don't you play no games, yeah yeah yeah
Sing

Do-do-do-do Sing!
Mary Jane
Uh, what you wanna smoke tonight?
Mary Jane
What's the name of this song?
Mary Jane
What's the name of this song?
Mary Jane
Listen

I'm in love with Mary Jane
I'm not the only one
If Mary wanna play around
(I what?) I let her have her fun
('Cause she) She's not the kind of girl
(That you) That you can just tie down
(She likes to spread) She likes to spread her love
And turn your head around
Ah, L.A
Do you love me, Mary Jane?
I can't hear you, whoa-oh-oh
Do ya? Do ya? Do ya? Do ya? Do ya? Do ya?
Now do you think you love me Mary Jane
Don't you play no games

Sing, L.A
Let's get a vibe in here tonight, y'all
Sing!

Do-do-do-do Say what?
Mary Jane
I wanna hear you sing it, baby, sing
Mary Jane
What you wanna smoke tonight?
Mary Jane
What's the name of this song?
Mary Jane

Woo, ooh, ooh, woo, woo, woo-woo
Oh baby, oh baby, hit me
La-da-da-da, la-da-da-da, la-da-da-da, da-da
La-da-da-da, la-da-da-da, la-da-da-da, da-da

Whoa!
Uh-oh, I got a feeling everybody in here is high on love tonight
If you still feel good, say "Hell yeah"
You know what I like?
I've been on this damn hot stage all night
I want to see y'all for a change
Can I see y'all for a minute?
Put your lights on my people, sucka!
Ah, look at it, what's happening in the balcony?
Well, say "Hell yeah"
What's happening down here?
Uh, what's happenin', baby? Uh-huh
How y'all feel tonight?
Woo, there's a lot of y'all in here tonight
I guess y'all was kinda waitin' for Rick James and the crew, huh?
You know, what's happening in the back? Let me see your hands
Everybody, throw up some hands
I love it, I love it, love it
You know what I wanna do? I want you to do a favor for me
Wait a minute, there's still people sittin' on their assholes
I can't understand this
Wait, wait a minute, band (Yo Rick, right there)
Wait a minute, shit, goddamn, get off your ass and jam
Shit, goddamn, get off your ass and — say what?
(Shit, goddamn, get off your ass and jam)
I can't hear shit!
(Shit, goddamn, get off your ass and jam)
Say what?
(Shit, goddamn, get off your ass and jam)
And over here say, "Goddamn! Goddamn!" Say what?
(Shit, goddamn, get off your ass and jam)
Yeah, baby!
It ain't nothin' but a thang! It ain't nothin' but a party!
L.A., you know what I want you to do for me?
I want you to fire up your BICs, your joints, your lighters, your everything
And I wanna show you how you all look like beautiful stars tonight
Turn the lights on my people, sucka, and look at them shine
Look at them shine, woo! Look at ya!
Look at you shine
Wait a minute, lookin' around, y'all, and who said there's unity in the funk thang?
Say "Hell yeah"
Who said there ain't no party in the groove? Say "Hell yeah"
Let's turn this motherfunka out, let's turn this motherfunka out — I can't hear ya
Let's turn this motherfunka out, say what? Let's turn this motherfunka out
Y'all got it, L.A.!
(Let's turn this motherfunka out) I can't hear nothin' here
(Let's turn this motherfunka out) What y'all wanna do tonight?
(Let's turn this motherfunka out) Did you come here to mess around or to...
(Let's turn this motherfunka out) All fifteen thousand say
(Let's turn this motherfunka out) I say what you wanna do tonight?
(Let's turn this motherfunka out) YEAH!
Someone I knew just died recently
He believed in the herb, he believed in the ganja
He wore natty dreadlocks
He was from a country called Jamaica
He was Rastafari, and he believed that the herb was planted by Jah by hand
What was his name, L.A.? (Bob Marley) What was his name? (Bob Marley)
Bob Marley
So you know what I wanna do?
For the rest of this set, we're gonna dedicate our voices and our hearts to Bob Marley
Because wherever he is, he's in a much higher place now
So people of L.A., give me it this way
Let me see you, let me look at you
Now, now we got this good feeling going, from the heart, sing

Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-dah — you know the words, sing
(Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-dah) — Sing it from your heart, L.A
(Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-dah) — Ah, you're sounding good
(Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-dah) — Sing!
(Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-dah) — If you believe in Mary Jane, sing!
(Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-dah) — Sing a little louder, L.A
(Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-dah) — Come on, band, yeah!
L.AEmbed