Every Breath Is A Bomb Lyrics(Fake, fake flowers)
(Fake funeral)
(x4)
This room is a, a fluorescent tomb: it's brazen bulbs mimic death's heina croon
He pulls on her wires, she jerks to attention, she's animated again
She's talking to a hypodermic reflection
We've watched it all from the window ledge
The nurses offer their condolences
Tongues flapping I can't make out your tone
Our hearts beat in slow motion
If we make it to the final scene (fake flowers!)
Show me to the sapphire pit (fake tomb)
Peel the candy crust of my body (fake flowers)
Throw in the brittle skeleton (fake tomb)
Can you inject love's tender touch back into the gang bang?
Can you knit the stiletto back into the bloodstain?
Can you put the bite back into the beast you've broke, and tied and tamed?
Can you crease the wrinkles back into the cracked and open brain?
So doctor won't you pull the fucking plug? Won't you cut the cord?
'Cause you can't put the life back into this hospital ward
Say won't you pull the plug!
Say won't you cut the cord!
X4
Now she's gonna make it out ok, but she's shaking like a revolution!
And she stares at the fire all day, mumbling to herself:
Every hole has a snake in it
And every crotch is a siamese gun
Every sunshine hides a cancerous chime
And every breath is a bomb
I'd like to wrap my arms around you like a flesh canopy
I'd like to take your head, place it
Somewhere between my shoulders and neck
But, I'm afraid your brittle bones would break
We can hear the black out orchestra singing...
Can you hear them singing?
Can you hear them?
Can you?
Can you inject love's tender touch back into the gang bang?
Can you knit the stiletto back into the bloodstain?
Can you put the bite back into the beast you've broke, and tied and tamed?
Can you crease the wrinkles back into the cracked and open brain?
So doctor won't you pull the fucking plug? Won't you cut the cord?
'Cause you can't put the life back into this hospital ward
So doctor won't you pull the fucking plug? Won't you cut the cord?
'Cause you can't put the life back into this hospital wardEmbed