Mr. Moon LyricsHave you gone astray or lost your way?
You should have seen me yesterday
Well, I knew this kind of love was written in the stars
It's only once or twice that you're in line with Mr. Moon
Then it was you, you took me on your cloud
And gave me flowers for my pain but with some degree of certainty
My destiny seemed to slip away from me
Hey, before I got to know your name
Oh honey, just give me a chance, I'll do what you want me to
Everybody wants to dance
So how come I can't dance with you
You really turn me on, you're the one that makes me smile
It's Mr. Moon who plays in tune, Mr. Moon who knows
And if it's Mr. Moon who gives the sign
Then that's the sign that goes on
Never know what to do till I'm there with you, all right on!
Did you lose your mind or for a day?
You don't remember anyway
Like the waters of a dream encapsulate my mind
A place I haven't seen sits at the end of space and time
So lost in love that I think I'm blind
To perchance upon this circumstance it's something of a miracle
So spiritual, it's verging on the physical
Searching for a love I cannot find
Oh, now I'm lost in your love, now I'm lost with Mr.Moon
And I don't know where to turn
Now, now I'm lost in your love, now I'm lost in your love
Parira Parira, Parira Parira
Just play my tune, just play my tune
Just play my tune, just play my tune
Just play my tune, just play my tune
Just give me a chance, I'll do what you want me to
Everybody wants to dance
So how come I can't dance with you
You really turn me on, you're the one that makes me smile, yeah oh
It's Mr. Moon who plays in tune, Mr. Moon who knows
And if it's Mr. Moon who gives the sign
Then that's the sign that goes on
Never know what to do till I'm there with you
Hey hey, oh now, oh Mr. Moon, play that tune for me
Oh Mr. Moon, just play that tune for me
Why don't you play that tune?
That I can't get down, that I can't get down with this girl
Oh, that girl, you know she really blows my head apart
And the sky and the stars, are synchronized
Hey na-now now now now me and her, we are in love again
Oh, we have synchronized, I know the stars are this is love, this is love
Oh now girl, you know, 
And the stars and moon have synchronized our love
Oh, come on girl
I wanna tell you how I love you since we came together
I wanna tell you how I love you since we came together
Hey, just play my tune, just play my tune, just play my tune
Hey, hey now girl you know that, you know our love is synchronized
I got to tell youEmbed