The Kids Lyrics
Ha!
Now we're getting nasty!

Everybody's talking 'bout the kids
The kids got funky soul and groove emotion
But if you don't give the kids the chance to use it
Well, they're always more than likely to abuse it
Everybody's talking 'bout the kids
It's taking time for you to realize
Now hunger turns to anger in our eyes
I say the revolution will be televised
Yes, it will
Everybody's talking 'bout the kids
The kids needs space to get their heads in place
And every day this world we have to face
Well, I just can't seem to find my proper place
Cause it's like this...

Kids get down, stormy weather
Fifteen years of royal pleasure (watch me now)
Kids get down, underground
Everybody dance to the funky sound (watch me now)
Because the kids got funky soul
Everybody's talking 'bout the kids
It won't be long before we get our own
And every kid can truly feel at home
I told ya you should give the dog a bone (give the dog a bone)
Everybody's talking about school
But I get more pleasure breakin' all the rules
Cause lesson one begins with 'Life is cruel'
Well, I guess I'm just an educated fool
Everybody's talking 'bout the kids
Mom and dad make efforts to excuse it
Government officials will confuse it
Members of the bench will try to prove it
You goin' down, sucka!
Everybody's talking 'bout the kids now
Everybody's talking 'bout the kids now
Everybody's talking 'bout the, everybody's talking about the
Everybody's talking 'bout the kids now
Everybody's talking, hear the people talking about the kids
The kid's got funky soul, come on now
The kid's got funky soul
You know the kids got funky soul
I said, the kids got funky soul
The kids got funky soul
Kids get down, stormy weather
Fifteen years of royal pleasure (watch me now)
Watch me
Kids get down, celebrate
Now we're going to kick the thing we hate (watch me now)
Cause the kids got funky soul

Ah, ha, ha, ha... ha!
You know the kids got funky soul, yeah!
Ah, ha, ha, ha... ha, ha
I said the kids got funky soul, yeah
Everybody's talking about the kids now
Everybody's talking about the kids now
Everybody's talking about the, everybody's talking about the
Everybody's talking about the, everybody's talking about the
Everybody's talking about the, everybody's talking about the kids now
Hey!
Keep on talkin', yeah
And keep on movin', yeah
Gotta keep on groovin', yeah
Gotta keep on talkin', yeah
Keep on
Keep on movin', yeah
Everybody's talking 'bout high
But kids get high to satisfy
For reaching out to touch the sky
Is all I can identify
And you know why

Kids get down, stormy weather
Fifteen years of royal pleasure (watch me now)
Kids get down, celebrate
Now we're gonna kick the thing we hate (watch me now)
Watch me!
Kids get down, pressurized
To live the life that you devised (watch me now)
Kids get down, celebrate
Life's too short to complicate (watch me now)
Cause the kids got funky soulEmbed