Brand New Day Lyrics
Yo, MC's better start chatting about what's really happening
Because if you ain't chatting about what's happening
Where you living? What you talking about?
'Cause you know and I know, it's gonna be a hot summer (Yo)
And you know what (It's Live-O), it's gonna be an even hotter winter (It's Live-O)
And I ain't even talking about the weather (Dizzee Ras', roll deep on these)
Dizzee Rascal, uh

Looks like I'm losing friends, there's a lot of hostility in my ends
We used to argue, always make up and be friends (Uh)
Now we settle disagreements with the skengs (Yo)
Looks like I'm losing mates, there's a lot hostility near my gates
We used to fight with kids from other estates
Now eight millimetres settle debates (Woo)
Looks like I'm losing sight 'cause I'm looking at the future, it ain't bright
So I look out my window and pray every night
I thank God for my friends, but they ain't tight (Yo)
Looks like I'm losing hope, 'cause I climb this mountain without rope
But I know I'm the captain of my boat (Uh), so I steadily sail and hope not to float (Live-O)

But it's a brand new day (Yo), new opportunities, what can I say? (What can I say? Uh)
I plan to make my paper (Yo), put some away for a off key day (Uh, put it away)
But it's a brand new day (Yo), new opportunities, what can I say? (Live-O, yo)
I plan to make my paper (Uh), put some away for a off key day (Uh, yo)
Yo, demand collect, cash up front and direct (Uh)
Pay money, pay respect, don't insult my intellect
No, demand collect, cash up front and direct
Pay money, pay respect (Yo), don't insult my intellect (Yo)
When we ain't kids no more will it still be about what it is right now?
Like fighting for anything, anytime and acting without a care anywhere (Yo)
And when we ain't kids no more (Uh), will it still be about what it is right now?
Like bank scams, street robbery, shotters plotters or H.M.P
And when we ain't kids no more, will it still be about what it is right now? (Yo)
Pregnant girls who think they love, useless mans with no plans
And when we ain't kids no more, will it still be about what it is right now?
'Cause negative signs just keep showing up (Showing)
Some of us better just start growing up (Yo)

But it's a brand new day (Live, uh), new opportunities (Yo), what can I say? (Live, what can I say?)
I plan to make my paper (Yo), put some away for a off key day (Uh, put it away)
But it's a brand new day (Uh, yo), new opportunities (Roll Deep), what can I say? (Get me? What can I say?)
I plan to make my paper, put some away for a off key day (Uh)
Yo, demand collect, cash up front and direct (Yo)
Pay money, pay respect (Get me?), don't insult my intellect (What?)
Demand collect, cash up front and direct (Uh)
Pay money, pay respect, don't insult my intellect

When I look at my life, I can't help but think
'Cause I could've resorted to drugs and drink
Everyday was the same as the day before
We were never quite sure of what's in store
Every day I wake up I can't help but feel
Uncertain of life, I mean this is real
Mad thoughts skip around my head like dancers
I know it's long to question, but I need answers
The who's? The what's? The how's? The when's? The why's?
You can at look in my face and see the pain in my eyes
Tears ready to fall like the rain in the skies
So hold back, put my feet down and rise
'Cause guys wanna test my words
So I can't just cater for second or third
Plus I know predators only go for the weak
And that's long so I gotta stay strong, you get me?
But it's a brand new day (Uh), new opportunities, what can I say? (Uh, what can I say?)
I plan to make my paper (Uh), put some away for a off key day (Yeah, put it away)
But it's a brand new day (Uh), new opportunities, what can I say? (What can I say? Uh)
I plan to make my paper (Uh), put some away for a off key day (It's Live-O)
Yo, demand collect (Demand collect), cash up front and direct (Uh uh-huh)
Pay money, pay respect (Pay respect), don't insult my intellect (No-no, no)
Demand collect (Uh-huh), cash up front and direct (Pay me man)
Pay money, pay respect (Yo), don't insult my intellect

Uh
Get me?
It's real like that
We're not fucking about
Yo
You're know we're going on dirty, going on skank
Summers gonna be real man
Dizzee Rascal  cool tank
Better start moving up
Move
Move
You get me? Uh
Nothing ain't sweet, nothing ain't 
It's Live-O
It's Live-O
Big up my bredrin Wiley
It's all real
Roll Deep
And I'm out of here man, let me 
Dizzee Ras'
I'm coming out, I'm coming out, I'm coming out, I'm coming out
New stylie, I'm finished
Next one, next one, bring the next oneEmbed