Mix Up, Mix Up Lyrics
Oh Lord, oh Lord, oh Lord, yeah!

Well, it's not easy
It's not easy
Speak the truth, come on, speak. Eh, now!
It ever because it what it will
He who hide the wrong he did
Surely did the wrong thing still

Get in the studio of
Studio of time and experience
Here we experience the good and bad
What we have, and what we had
This session (session)
Not just another version (version)
Oh Lord, give me a session (session)
Not another version (version)!
They're so much stumbling blocks right in-a our way
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
There's so much wanting, so much gaining, so much have done
Too much little mix-up, in the mix-up, yes!
Too much little mix up!
Too much of this mix up - mix up!
I was born in the country, right on top of the hill
I still remain, I know I still, I will-a
But through your lack of respect and through your false pride
Someone want to take Jah - Jah - Jah children for a ride!
Shut up! Open the gate, and let the saints through
Please make it a session (session)
Not another version (version)
Ooh, please make it a session (session)
Not another version (version)!

Hey, you been talking all your mouth full of lies
Sitting there toppling and, Lord, they criticize
So through the eyes of the fool the deaf is wise
And through the eyes of the wise the fool is size
Saying is too much mix up - mix up!
Saying is too much mix up - mix up!

I want to clear the wheel once and for all
I want to clear my wheels, I don't care who fall!
I gotta clear my wheels once and for all
Clear my wheels, I don't care who fall - fall
(Too much mix-up - mix-up!)

Hey! Mr. Music, why don't you want to play?
Don't you know today is a bright holiday? Yeah! (holiday)
Some people waiting for the message that you bring
They listening to every word that you'll sing

Singing: (too much mix-up - mix-up
(Too much little mix up!)
Would you groove along now
(Too much mix up - mix up), yeah!
Yes, would you groove along now
(Too much little mix-up!)
They just can't stop you know
(Too much mix-up - mix-up)! Embed