Stakes is High Lyrics
Vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high, you know them stakes is high
When we talkin' 'bout the vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high, you know them stakes is high
We talkin' 'bout vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high, you know them stakes is high

The instamatic focal point bringin' damage to your borough
Be some brothers from the East with them beats that be thorough
Got the solar gravitation, so I'm bound to pull it
I gets down like brothers are found duckin' from bullets
Gun control means usin' both hands in my land
Where it's all about the cautious livin'
Migratin' to a higher form of consequence
Compliments of strugglin' that shouldn't be notable
Man, every word I say should be a Hip-Hop Quotable

I'm sick of bitches shakin' asses
I'm sick of talkin' 'bout blunts, sick of Versace glasses
Sick of slang, sick of half-ass awards shows
Sick of name-brand clothes
Sick of R&B bitches over bullshit tracks
Cocaine and crack, which brings sickness to blacks
Sick of swoll' head rappers with their sickenin' raps
Clappers of gats, makin' the whole sick world collapse
The facts are gettin' sicker, even sicker perhaps
I Stickabush to make a bundle to escape this synapse
Man, life can get all up in your ass
Baby, you betta work it out
Let me tell you what it's all about:
A skin not considered equal
A meteor has more right than my people
Who be wastin' time screamin' who they've hated
That's why the Native Tongues has officially been reinstated

(Vibes... vibrations)
Yeah
Stakes is high
(Higher than high)
You know them stakes is high
(Higher than high)
When we talkin' 'bout...
(Vibes... vibrations)
Stakes is high
Man, them stakes is high
(Aiyo, what about that love?)

Yo, it's about love of cars, love of funds
Lovin' to love mad sex, lovin' to love guns
Love for opposite, love for fame and wealth
Love for the fact of no longer lovin' yourself, kid
We livin' in them days of the man-made craze
Where every aspect is vivid
These brothers no longer talk shit, aiyo, these niggas live it
'Bout to give it to you 24/7 on the microphone
Plug One translatin' the zone
No offense to a player but, yo, I don't play
Nigga, take offense? Fuck it, gotta be that way
Jay Dee, Dove, show your love, what you got to say?
I say G's are makin' figures at a high regard
And niggas dyin' for it nowadays ain't odd
Investin' in fantasies and not God
Welcome to reality, see, times is hard
People try to snatch the credit, but can't claim the card
Showin' out in videos, sayin' they co-starred
See, shit like that'll make your mama cry
Better watch the way you spend it 'cause the stakes is high

Y'all know them stakes is high
When you're dealin' with the...
(Vibes... vibrations)
Stakes is high
(Come on)
Man, them stakes is high
(Check it)

I think that smilin' in public is against the law (What?!)
'Cause love don't get you through life no more
It's who you know, and "How you, son?"
And how you gettin' in, and who the man holdin' heat, yo
And how was the skins and how high
Yo, what up, huh? I heard you caught a body
Seem like every man and woman shared a life with John Gotti
But they ain't organized!
Mixin' crimes with life enzymes
Takin' the big scalp route and niggas, no doubt
Better than they know their daughters and their sons
(Oh, boy)
Yo, people go through pain and still don't gain
Positive contact just like my main man
Who got others cleanin' up his physical and fluids
His mind got congested, he got the nine and blew it
Neighborhoods are now hoods 'cause nobody's neighbors
Just animals survivin' with that animal behavior
Under I who be rhymin' from dark to light sky
Experiments where needles and skin connect
No wonder where we live is called the projects
When them stakes is high
You damn sure try to do anythin' to get the piece of the pie
Electrify, even die for the cash
But at last, you be out even though you wantin' more
This issue is closed like an elevator door
But soon re-opened once we get to the next floor where the...

(Vibes... vibrations)
Stakes is high
You know them stakes is high
When you dealin' with the...
(Vibes... vibrations)
Stakes is high
Stakes is high, come on22Embed