Segue 1 LyricsThe next patient is not identified, period. The patient will be listed as John Doe, ID Number 369576. Date of exam 5-12-97 0200 hours paragraph. Patient history automobile accident with severe head and chest injuries, period paragraph. Emergency computerized axial tomography of the brain without an intravenous pon-- contrast material. Period paragraph. Multiple computerized axial tomographic scans of the brain were obtained, at one centimeter slice thicknesses from the base of the brain to the vertex, period. Images were filmed at both soft tissues and bone window settings period paragraph. There is a comminuted depressed left parietal skull fracture with adjacent, extensive, left subdural hematoma, period. There is a left parietal brain contusion and, and shift in mainline structures to the right, period paragraph. Impression, colon. Comminuted left parietal skull fracture, period paragraph. Left parietal subdural hematoma, period paragraph. Left parietal brain contusion, period paragraph
(instrumental starts, drowning out the autopsy report)
(Evil laughter)
I'm coming over there to lick your sucking balls off
This is my leprechaun and he took me magic gold
Hee hee hee
Guyyys...Show me your tits!
SOUGHT!
SOUGHT!
SOUGHT!
SOUGHT!
SOUGHT!
SOUGHT!
SOUGHT!
Is this the shit, or what?
Hey ya' better chiggity check yerself before you wreckity wreck yerself
It can't get fresher than this
I know it's not PC, but sometimes ya' gotta put the smackdown on a ho
Oh that's the Robby shiiiit
Mmm baby, I feel the juice mouse comin' from the flask ball
Mmm, mm, mmmm, baybaaa owww
I say down flounce, came from the last mount don't frame toeeee...
Revaloolay I saw the police mans there so meeeaaaan
(Snoring)
(Pinball machine sounds)
The karate kiiiid
For you to see I've been rumbling Kobra Kai
With Miyagi do karate right at my side
Not the Y, a good school! I gotta learn karate, I HATE THIS BIKE! I HATE IT! I HA--
Daniel what are you doing to your bike!?
MOOOM! MOM! CAN'T WE JUST GO HOME I JUST WANNA GO HOME!
Danya'-san Dan'ya-san concentrate!
Focus power--
Wash ya' car paint ya' fence, paint ya' house!?
Bring my drum machine in here we can just fuck with it all one night or summin' ya' know?
Fuck with it all fancy all crazy...
Eight tracks dude you can make alot...
Eight fuckin' tracks you can make a lotta' shit
Incubus
You're talkin' shit back there
B...Break it down!
(Telephone ringing, breathing)
Hello?Embed