Alvin Row LyricsBaby, love me now that you are born, oh! Baby!
Baby in your cradle look at me
Baby speak in rhythms now you're three
Ride your German Shepherd 'till you're five
Baby think the TV is alive
Baby spend the night out you're thirteen
Bending for a wish your candles lean
Baby bang erasers and wash the board
Think just yesterday you wore a sword
Watch your new years evening wash away
You're on the floor, can you hear me troubadour?
Alvin Row
Tangled in your broken kite
It's hard to be Ben Franklin but
Try staying against the light
Old clapper you can step inside
Accustomed to the rust your silver child
Alvin Row
We're glad to see that you can fake it
White corn grow on every side
But you can't take it, the yellow wardrobes suits you fine
Alvin all these visions smile
Let them do your makeup, I know
Alvin Row
Half of them are on your side
The other figments all are being completely unselfish today
And all behind the right man here
My mind is not unkind it's just not open
Alvin Row
I watched the mime crying his winches
Brown black bag, we'll let you be until you'll fade (Run!) now
Fade (Run!) now
Fade (Run!) now
Fade (Run!) now
Tired of reaching
For the lampshade
Baby reading
Baby love me
Run! Run! Run! Run! Run! Run! Run! Run!
I told the baker's daughter that I didn't want the water
She only likes it when I beg, so I expect she's waiting
I told the baker's daughter that I didn't want their water
She only likes it when I beg, so I expect she's waiting
Row, Alvin Row, Alvin Row, Alvin Row, Row Alvin
I remember the day that I walked away from this empty flight
Cause the demons are really the ones when there's nothing on
Words slip by when I'm silent I have to let so many people down
But the bell from the ice cream man comes to save the day
The winter comes, we do not wander, I belong
The chocolate shakes, the sun awakes, I play ping pong
The autumn clouds distort and crowd, you'd better go long
I pulled the glass it dripped too fast for second dawn
Since we passed through the maze as we unlock the stage of my other ride
I remember the shining, the spot on the day she played
Though I never knew Moses I know many noses with thoughts like me
Take a drive to the Jacksonville pharmacy and pretend
That a new apartment and a heart don't make me old
Cause a spinal rage and lit a page and I've been told
But I'm walking on a wire with eight other eyes
Be sure to play the best of you eight other sides
When I'll stay shy, you stay shy, dear Alvin
When I'll say bye, you say bye, dear Alvin
When I'll say go, you say go, dear Alvin
When I sing Row, you sing Row, dear Alvin
When I'll stay shy, you stay shy, dear Alvin
When I'll say bye, you say bye, dear Alvin
When I'll say go, you say go, dear Alvin
When I'll sing Row, you sing Row, dear Alvin
When I'll say go, you say go, dear Alvin
(Why that's funny! My voice didn't come back to me. I'll try it again. Hello? Hello?! Oh my goodness! Now my singing voice is gone! My singing voice is gone! My singing voice is gone! My singing voice is gone! My singing voice is gone! My singing voice is gone! My singing voice is gone! My singing voice is-)7Embed