Mr. Sandman Lyrics
This is (Mr. Sandman, bring me a good dream)
Serious, the craziest, da-da
(Mr. Sandman, bring me a good dream)
Day-da, danger, dangerous style

Lyrical shots from the Glock
Bust bullet holes on the charts
I want the number one spot
What's the science? I'm a giant
New York defiant, brutal like domestic violence
Silence of the Lambs, occurred when I slammed in
Program the jams to be fat as Ralph Kramden
Others come with shit as silly as Art Carney
But my technique tranquilizes more kids than Barney
Remedy for stress is three bags of sess
A day at my rest playin' chess, yes
My thoughts be sneaky like a crook from Brooklyn
When you ain't lookin', I take the queen with the rook then
I get vexed, layin' phat tracks on Ampex
Puffin' skunk, gettin' drunk off of Triple X
Ballantine's, I got more love than Valentine
The violent mind, I blast wit' a silent nine

My hazardous thoughts to cut the mic's life support short
Brains get stained like tablecloths when I let off
Powerful poetry pushed past the point of no return
Leavin' mics with third-degree burns
Let me at 'em, I grip your style like a spasm
Drag 'em through the mud then I bag 'em
We're screamin' hardcore, hip-hop drips out my pores
And I be raw, for four score plus seven more
I strike like a bowling ball, holdin' y'all hostage like jail
Electrifyin' like the third rail
Beats are smashed with paragraphs of ruckus
Wu-Tang! Clan ain't nothin' to fuck wit'
Hot time, summer in the city
My people represent, get busy
The heat-seeker, on a mission from hell's kitchen
I gets in where I fits in for head-touchin', listen
Enemy is the industry, got me flippin'
I don't give a fuck! Tell that bitch and her nigga
I'm killin', snipin', catchin' murder cases
Desert Stormin', I be searchin' for oasis
As I run a mile wit' a racist
Pullin' swords, hit the Billboard wit' a bullet
Peace to the number seven
Everybody else get the fo'-nine-three-eleven

Mr. Sandman, bring me a good dream
I don't know what's going on, if you can take us there

Yo, watch me bang the headpiece, there's no survival
My flow lights up the block like a homicidal
Murder, underground beef for the burger
P.L.O., criminal thoughts you never heard of
I switch, the city never sleeps, life's a bitch
I shit, runnin' through bitches like Emmitt Smith
Caution, niggas best to be careful crossin'
The street, before they end up layin' in a coffin
Don't sleep, niggas tend to forget, however
Peep this — my nigga Kase lives forever
What evil lurks in the heart of men?
It be the Shadow, street-life, flowin' again
I had a plot, scheme, I knew for sure
Only one kick would knock the hinges off the door
The dread tried to jet, Sabrina at his neck
Thirteen pounds on the table plus a tech
Just when I said, "Where the fuck's the C.R.E.A.M.?"
Another dread came out the kitchen with the M-16
He tried to cock it, blast three shots like rockets
Crushed his collarbone, ripped his arm out the socket
My move for the table was swift, I got my hostage
(The nigga tried to stab you, God!) but I dodged it
Niggas said, "Carlton, you's a ill motherfucker"
'Cause I made it look like they both killed each other
And I'm out

Mr. Sandman, bring me a good dream
Mr. Sandman, bring me a good dream

You know what I'm sayin'?
Tical5Embed