Stimulation Lyrics
1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2
I gets busy on 'em, I gets bust of 'em
I gets busy on 'em, I gets bust of 'em...
(Let's come together for the stimulation
Meth-Tical, hit 'em with the stimulation)

I got 36 styles on my mind, on my mind
Keep it real, Shaolin represent one timeeeee
All my peoples, are you with me? Where you at? (Suuuu)
All my Killer Bees on the track, where you at? (Suuuu)
Throw ya fuckin' hands in the air if you want 'em near
If ya got ya gats, peel a cap for the New Year
Blindin' devotion, what's the commotion?
Wu-Tang Clan, we attackin' your emotion
Flowin' like the ocean (Bluuue)
I be comin' for your (Creeew)
Flyin' guillotine (Styyyle) with the new Meth-Tical
Is it goin'? Is it goin'? Is it gone?
If I ain't on ya records, then the shit ain't really on
One-man band from the Wu-Tang Clan
Ask who the man? Goddamn, it be Method
Here I, here I am in the Clan, it's essential
Puttin' Def Jam on my records, it's on
Let's come together for the stimulation
Meth-Tical hit 'em with the stimulation
Can everybody feel the stimulation?
Meth-Tical hit 'em with the stimulation

I'm here for you, son, I gotcha back
As long as you keep it real, word, I gotcha back
Brothers want the drama, but don't know how to act
Until the chrome pointed at his dome head crack
Come on, let's keep it real, no disguise, recognize
I'm from a small town where 'Nigga do or nigga die'
That's why I'm stressin'
That brothers keep they thoughts on they lesson
Resurrect yo' mind from the essence, for real
Ill block niggas get robbed like by the dozen
What up, cousin? Now give a pound to that lounge nigga
Peace, my MZA!
Killah Hills 10304 by The GZA got me wideeee, it's goin' DZA
Make my way for the ooh buildin'
Now I'm chillin' with the neighborhood villains
Thug Life, it be on now
Hear the gun blaow as I milk another cow
Let the Method show you how niggas do it
I study, live the life of good, bad and ugly
Hard times caught a nigga lovely, but that ain't nuttin'
Before I die, I'mma leave the world with sumtin'
To remember me by, the real stimuli!
For you frontin' ass out rappers to capture
I rip the world apart like a natural disaster
I keep it live, somethin' born in '85
I utilize my 3rd eye, got me thinkin'
Baby, you and I should get together for whatever
You never in your long-legged life had it better
Than you got it now, we be loungin', Tical
"Word, son, I like yo' styleee"

Basically, I'm here for the stimuli
To get high and for doughnuts
Meth-Tical, it's '94 and it's raw, once more
The Wu-Tang saga continues

Wu-Tang Clan, forever
No, we don't die, we just multiply forever, and ever, and ever...
2Embed