Physical Form Lyrics
I hear music
Mighty fine music

A physical form is forming
Forming a physical is transforming
Outside the sun is dawning
Feel the hummingbird humming? (WORD!)
A physical form is forming
Forming a physical is transforming
Outside the sun is dawning
You see the hummingbird humming? (WORD!)

Terrorize the localized clockwise politics
To unfix six of this suffix is prefix (prefixed)
The inter-most mainly enclothed, transposed by the gentle folk
Masterstroke kinfolk ain't no joke
I ran a long ass marathon in the shape of an octagon
Circled around my neutrons and protons
No never gone, I'm one step beyond
A parallelipipedon
Swamp the promp at a prom and woke up at dawn
And then yawn, and once upon
I don't give a hoot, recruit and overshoot a parachute
A physical form is forming
Forming the physical is transforming
Outside the sun is dawning
You hear the hummingbird humming? (WORD!)

I'll prevail and hail, young black male
Saw a detailed retail, better yet wholesale
MC that sneeze when he squeeze my hypotheses and parentheses
Please, don't overheat these
Obsolete, bittersweet athletes, MacBeth
Had a hard death, Elizabeth blew her last breath
Still preserve the flesh and then confess
It was the Loch Ness who undressed the princess
But nevertheless I done in a witherness? I guessed
My Buddha possessed when I bless the pest
Who manifests the stress
So please don't stress me (stress me)
Elizabeth knew a baptist
Put him through a rap test
But he signed the list of blacklist journalists
But it took a mathematician in good condition to figure out
My physician's nutrition for my dope mission
So you keep wishin'
A physical form is forming
Forming the physical is transforming
Outside the sun is dawning
You hear the hummingbird humming? (WORD!)

No more than thirty-thousand words a minute
Spinning in three hundred and sixty degree circles
Long-winded a gentle dental check
With a mental accidental, complimental
Temperamental temper that wants to enter your physical carousel
Well hell, no riding the rail
Check your rhyme scale
Mikey-wikey hypes me and psyches me
To a new paragraph, I grab my staff
Run up the path with an evil ass laugh
Clearing my shafts on a vocal graph by the man
The Matth with two 'T's
Thirteen is sixteen tender thieves or ten of peas
Shivering these not knees touches with red
Black and green beans
(Shhhh) Get out of this
Calypso rearrange 'O's and change those that's free-falling

A physical form is forming
Forming the physical is transforming
Outside the sun is dawning
See the hummingbird humming?
You know what, that shit was like
Hitting a nigga all day
Y'know
Mykey-wykey, Acey-wacey, Jupty-wupty, J. Sumbi-wumbi, Peacey-weacey
You know what, Freestyle is out of here
Peace!Embed