Achilles Come Down Lyrics
Achilles, Achilles, Achilles, come down
Won’t you get up off, get up off the roof?
You’re scaring us and all of us, some of us love you
Achilles, it’s not much but there’s proof
You crazy-ass cosmonaut, remember your virtue
Redemption lies plainly in truth
Just humour us, Achilles, Achilles, come down
Won’t you get up off, get up off the roof?
Je vois que beaucoup de gens meurent, parce qu'ils estiment que la vie ne vaut pas la peine d'être vécue. J'en vois d'autres, qui se font paradoxalement tués pour des idées, pour des illusions, qui leurs donnent une raison de vivre (ce, qu'on appelle une raison de vivre est en même temps une excellente raison de mourir)

Achilles, Achilles, Achilles, come down
Won’t you get up off, get up off the roof?
The self is not so weightless, nor whole and unbroken
Remember the pact of our youth
Where you go, I’m going, so jump and I’m jumping
Since there is no me without you
Soldier on, Achilles, Achilles, come down
Won’t you get up off, get up off the roof?

Loathe the way they light candles in Rome
But love the sweet air of the votives
Hurt and grieve but don’t suffer alone
Engage with the pain as a motive
Today, of all days, see
How the most dangerous thing is to love
How you will heal and you’ll rise above
D'un gérant d'immeuble qui s'était tué on disait un jour qu'il avait perdu sa fille depuis cinq ans, qu'il avait beaucoup changé depuis et que cette histoire l'avait-
Achilles, Achilles, Achilles, jump now
You are absent of cause or excuse
So self-indulgent and self-referential
No audience could ever want you
You crave the applause yet hate the attention
Then miss it, your act is a ruse
It is empty, Achilles, so end it all now
It's a pointless resistance for you
Ce qui déclenche la crise est presque toujours incontrôlable. Les journaux parlent souvent de « chagrins intimes » ou de « maladie incurable ». Ces explications sont valables. Mais il faudrait savoir si le jour même un ami du désespéré ne lui a pas parlé sur un ton indifférent. Celui‑là est le -

Achilles, Achilles, just put down the bottle
Don’t listen to what you’ve consumed
It’s chaos, confusion and wholly unworthy
Of feeding and it’s wholly untrue
You may feel no purpose nor a point for existing
It’s all just conjecture and gloom
And there may not be meaning, so find one and seize it
Do not waste yourself on this roof
Hear those bells ring deep in the soul
Chiming away for a moment
Feel your breath course frankly below
And see life as a worthy opponent
Today, of all days, see
How the most dangerous thing is to love
How you will heal and you’ll rise above
Crowned by an overture bold and beyond
Ah, it’s more courageous to overcome
Les souvenirs d'une patrie perdue, l'espoir d'une terre promise. Ce divorce entre l'homme de sa vie-
You want the acclaim, the mother of mothers
(It’s not worth it, Achilles)
More poignant than fame or the taste of another
(Don’t listen, Achilles)
But be real and just jump, you dense motherfucker
(You’re worth more, Achilles)
You will not be more than a rat in the gutter
(So much more than a rat)
You want my opinion, my opinion you’ve got
(No one asked your opinion)
You asked for my counsel, I gave you my thoughts
(No one asked for your thoughts)
Be done with this now and jump off the roof
(Be done with this now and get off the roof)
Can you hear me, Achilles? I’m talking to you
I’m talking to you
I’m talking to you
I’m talking to you
Achilles, come down
Achilles, come down
Celle du oui et celle du non. Ce serait trop beau. Mais il faut faire la part de ceux qui, sans conclure, interrogent toujours. Ici, j'ironise à peine : il s'agit de la majorité. Je vois également que ceux qui répondent non agissent comme s'ils pensaient oui. De fait-

Throw yourself into the unknown
With pace and a fury defiant
Clothe yourself in beauty untold
And see life as a means to a triumph
Today, of all days, see
How the most dangerous thing is to love
How you will heal and you’ll rise above
Crowned by an overture bold and beyond
Ah, it’s more courageous to overcome54Embed