Say Yes to Life Lyrics
There’s a sadness in the heart now of the imitation zone
Don’t forget about your brothers if you go at it alone
And I could almost take a whole life
To disclose how I feel about the now
Can’t give you an insightful conclusion
So if time is predicated on abstractions in a void
Do not subjugate yourself capitulating to the noise
If I could reach out through the screen
And give you something to believe in, I would
But I’m with you in amongst the confusion
It’s okay, don’t fear
Go be part of the new sincere
Do not let your heart go
To shit, enslaved to ephemera

Our childhood is memory, still ascended high in dreams
And I’m suspending what I held for preconceptions of my being
I only say this to affirm our time is short
But we’ve will to carry on
Transcend with our scars and contusions
I was furious and dumb, lighting fires through the town
I’d play the fiddle and forget whatever I was pissed about
I know that most of you relates to some extent
And God, I know how lame it sounds
But I’m glad I became more human
Stay, don’t go
We’re like halfway through the halftime show
Do not let this one end
Before you emerge as the winner
Hey, it’s me, I’m bringing you a case of Dry
And words un-engendered fuck this, dumb city sleeps in the night
And I won’t leave you hanging in the wind
So let me love with a vengeance
My sad, sweet and unfinished friend
And we can go and mock the skyline now
Those bourgie windows full of dickheads
We don’t know a thing about
You wanna feel absolved tonight
I’ve heard what you’re saying, it’s okay not to be so alright

But don’t be alone
Did I tell you that I spent most of my sister’s wedding stoned?
Say what you want with blood and bone
And stick a finger in their faces when they say you’re overblown
Say yes to sun! Say yes to pain!
Say yes to sticking with a city through a thousand days of rain!
Say yes to grace! Say no to spite!
Say yes to this! Say yes to you!
Say yes to me! Say yes to love!
Say yes to life!
Say, say yes to life!1Embed