Get Off the Bandwagon Lyrics
Ayo, what's up E Double?
Yo, whole thing man, got a lot of customers out there man, trying to get paid off what we made
Ayo, rapping ain't your field, you took the wrong trade. So you'd better get a grip on them lips, and get off the...
Ayo, yo, yo, I be the P-twice E-M-D
I be the E-double E in the place to be
Ayo what up E man, we in there man?
You know we in there, trying to get paid, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, we gotta step out hard this year
P check this out, this is how it's going down

There was a Hardy Boy mystery you're trying to solve
Can't understand why you got involved
And here's the clue – try the ghetto master blaster
Now think who causes disaster
Clue number two, you give up?
I figured, it was K La Boss on the cut
He had help, sucka duck and now that's clue number three
You wrong, 'cause it was EPMD

MCs, get off the bandwagon
I'm not bragging, but tagging
And snagging the biter that tries to imitate
Time to go on strike and demonstrate
On the foe, that does not N-O
That if he pulls my card, I'm good to flow
Toe to toe, blow to blow, without no H2O
Ayo, you want to battle? I'm good to G-O
Get off the bandwagon, sucka
Get off the bandwagon!

This ain't a blast from the past, it's a boomer from the future
Feel free to scream "Ho" or "Yo" if it suits you
While the bass is booming and your face is glooming
Saying the E-double E is def, you're not assuming
They're only one of many that think a jealous fellow
Say "yep" and then step because I'm cooler

Hmm... now you're through, your ho not boo
Or I be on that butt like Krazy Glue
I roll into the party as if I was Five-O
Book investigate the biter like Columbo
Pushing rap for some info in exchange for a jumbo
And when I find a sucka it's time to play Rambo
Or Commando, you know?
I knew it was the sucka with the new Jackson 5 afro
We rock rhymes then we we run 'em a while
Sucka MCs catch on, then they bite our style
They get confused, dazed, and amused
Sweating and thing because our rhymes they used
Seen us in the crowd, now they're thrown off course
They run around like a chicken with their heads cut off
Get off the bandwagon!
Ayo, man listen when I tell you sucka, get off!
Get off the bandwagon!

While my body was swaying, you was saying
"Who is that brother?" while the record was playing
I felt kinda happy like an ego trip
I had to lounge 'cause my image is hip
My tradition is dissing in this position
And right about now I'm in perfect condition
So don't get mad, and don't stop hissing
Don't say nothing homeboy, just listen

No time for playing, sucka MCs, I be slaying
Get off the bandwagon, you know what I'm saying?
I devastate the hip-hop scene
Keep the feet moving like a dancing machine
E got my back, yeah, La Boss is on scratch
Meanwhile I'm in groove with the beat on wax
I'm in my own world, no room for distraction
Controlling MCs while La Boss keeps scratching

Get off the bandwagon!Embed