Nervous Young Inhumans  Lyrics
You should've seen my cursive back then
Every letter was above the line
My Ps and Qs raised their stems
So nothing crossed beneath
I'm a little better now

You never lifted your voice
You never raised your hand
You never showed me your inhuman
You understand

Art gets what it wants and art gets what it deserves

Most people are jokes but you’re so real
Most of the time that I use the word “you”
Well you know that I’m mostly singing about you
You swore you’d never use
The face that your ex invented
So let’s meet up in
Uncanny valley
You never lifted your voice
You never raised your hand
I only showed you my inhuman
You understand

You’ll get what you want and you’ll get what you deserve
You’ll get what you want and you’ll get what you deserve

I am a good person. I am a powerful person. I don't believe in evil. I think that evil is an idea created by others to avoid dealing with their own nature. I understand my own nature. Good and evil have nothing to do with it. I understand myself. I control myself. I control everything within myself. My domain is my domain. I can lie on my back and affect the lives of those I love without moving a finger. But I would only affect them in good ways. I don't waste time on evil. I'm a good person. Is this thing on?
Do you know about Jesus? Do you really know? All you know is what you've been told. Listen with your heart. Sing with your heart. You've just been singing about girls. What do you know about girls? Fuck... Why are you so tense? You've gotta start singing with love in your heart. Is this on?
Adam, are you there? A pain star has entered your house, but what are you going to do about it? Are you going to touch it? It only happens once every thousand years, maybe even two thousand years. And how long is a year, really?
It's almost Halloween. I haven't done shit this year. It's been a summer—it's been summer since February, I was in Australia. God. California? Then what? June, July, August, a month in Europe. I can't even go to Ikea anymore, I've got flashbacks. Fuck! You should see the lights that I got there, I think you'd like them
I think that- I think you'd like them a lot
Isn't this where...5Embed