Aaliyah Lyrics
Are you that somebody?
When Aaliyah was alive
It was cool to be a tomboy, Tommy boy fly
Martin and Tommy boy, a cold world, we all tryna survive
Talkin' cold world where only drugs been supplied
Respect A1 niggas (A1), my drive A5 (A5)
Only plan for some niggas (Yeah), was the plan to stay alive
Is a loss a blessing? Only a few of my friends died
I know another side of graves, some always at a graveside
Bad boys was the only ones I liked
Most my ex-boyfriends all got two strikes (Bad boys)
That's at least two lives
I know niggas that double that, got at least two wives (Yeah)
And they both got kids (Yeah), and they both age 5
That kinda drama too live, but Aaliyah ain't alive
I wish we gave Aaliyah two lives
To catch this wave that I'm on, you need at least two tides, nigga
I'm bustin' 'til everybody rise, nigga
Still singin' Mary Blige (Real love)
What I've come to realize
Real love from somebody ain't about the gift or prize (Uh)
Are you that somebody? (Yeah) Like Aaliyah prophesied?
Are you real? (Are you real?) Back and forth with you guys
I ain't 'bout to argue with none of y'all, today's a good vibe (Yeah)
I'ma treat myself, let me get a supersize
As my cup runneth over, it's fulfilling to me
This ain't E.T. news, I done went sci-fi (Uh-huh)
I'm closer to God, I done went sky high (Uh-huh)
Been alienated so much that I must be fly (Fly)
I am who I am, I don't rock a disguise
To be more than a woman now come with some tithes
Are you that somebody?
Are you that somebody?
Yeah, are you that somebody that's gon' keep it real with yourself?
Keep it, keep it real, keep it real with yourself (Keep it real)
Keep it real, keep it, keep it real with yourself (Keep it real)

More than a woman, real enough to rock the boat (Keep it real)
I don't fit the status quo, blow they mind, Maseo (Keep it real)
Really fine, I'm like another kind of fine you should know, uh (Keep it real)
Get you somebody that can still do both (Real)
Back and forth, that's somebody that can play both coasts
Flojo, stay in my lane, that's a winner for sure
I don't care what you got to say about me no more (More)
Double dutchin' when I'm tuckin' and my back on the ropes (Ropes)
I be chillin', ain't got no feelings when I'm ridin' the slope (Slope)
Skeezer's gon' be skeezers, I'm just dope (Dope)
I'm here to shake the system up, we gon' rock the boat (Boat)
'Cause I'm that somebody that you still need to know, squad

Keep it real, keep it real, keep it real
Keep it real
Keep it real
Keep it real
Keep it real
Real (For real)
I'm a real one
Let me put you on game, I'm a real one
I'm a real one
Yeah, I know you love me, 'cause of my Tommy boy vibe
I know you love me, got a Tommy boy vibe
Rockin' braids or I can put the heels on (I can put the heels on)
Let me put you on game, I'm a real one (I'm a real one)1Embed