Reload Lyrics
Okay, reload
Energize like Al Pacino
Okay, reload
Like Scarface, Al Pacino

You got some nerve talking shit about me
When you ain't done fuck all
Yeah, yeah, do the time now
This time I'm coming out on my parole
Had your time with the Bentley, the gold
The yoga, Prada, bling-bling's gone
Nuttin' goin' on but the rent
Life-forsaken bread and bacon
I called you scum, lump of gum
I spit on the ground
Do you not know how to be on the ground?
You swallow, fuck that cause you got no backbone

Okay reload, coming at you like Al Pacino
Is you down? Gonna get you for one more round
Okay reload, coming at you like Al Pacino
Is you down? Gonna get you for one more round
Much too young
Too heavy and fell in far too deep
Okay, cocaine now!
Ganja, Rizla, sensimilia
Dodgin' Feds on the bus, life ain't fair
Let me see what you've got on
Yeah, yeah, tracksuits, still got your hoodie on
'Member that girl that you called "loose"?
Yeah, last week I saw her working in Boots
I know, I know she ain't got nothing on me
She ain't got the goods

Is you down for one more round?
It's okay, I feel good
Is you down for one more round?
Well that's okay, your shit's tired anyway

Okay reload, coming at you like Al Pacino
Is you down? Gonna get you for one more round

You got your head switched
You gave into me, bureaucratic
Yeah, yeah I'm a heart break
But what happened to you, aren't you a thoroughbred?
I want Public Enemy back
Chuck D, Flava, and Professor Griff
Who gon' come save us?
Had to fight back the pop-stars bullshit
Okay reload, coming at you like Al Pacino
Is you down? Gonna get you for one more round
Well that's okay, your shit's tired anyway
Is you down? Gonna get you for one more round

Catch yourself insane, then it get me
'Nuff of them men, try take liberties
I've got the back bone, don't need yours
'Nuff of them deals say, "Oh no, go!"
Meow, meow, pussycat turned tiger
If you don't know it goes, "Rawr, rawr!"
More bounce in the ounce than gunpowder
Make you play position, defender2Embed