I Am the Walrus Lyrics
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together
See how they run like pigs from a gun, see how they fly
I'm crying

Sitting on a cornflake
Waiting for the van to come
Corporation tee-shirt, stupid bloody Tuesday
Man, you've been a naughty boy, you let your face grow long

I am the eggman, they are the eggmen
I am the walrus, goo goo a'joob

Mister City p'liceman sitting, pretty little p'licemen in a row
See how they fly like Lucy in the sky, see how they run
I'm crying, I'm crying
I'm crying, I'm crying

Yellow-matter custard
Dripping from a dead dog's eye
Crab a locker fishwife, pornographic priestess
Boy, you've been a naughty girl, you let your knickers down
I am the eggman, they are the egg men
I am the walrus, goo goo a'joob

Sitting in an English garden waiting for the sun
If the sun don't come, you get a tan from standing in the English rain

I am the egg man (Now good sir, what are you?)
They are the egg men (A poor man, made tame to fortune's blows)
I am the walrus, goo goo goo joob (Good pity)
G'goo goo g'joob

Expert, textpert, choking smokers
Don't you think the joker laughs at you?
(Ho ho ho, hee hee hee, ha ha ha)
See how they smile like pigs in a sty, see how they snied
I'm crying

Semolina pilchard
Climbing up the Eiffel Tower
Elementary penguin singing Hare Krishna
Man, you should have seen them kicking Edgar Allan Poe
I am the eggman, they are the eggmen
I am the walrus, goo goo g'joob g'goo goo g'joob
Goo goo a'joob g'goo goo g'joob, g'goo
Joob! Joob! Joob!

Joob! Joob! Joob!
Joob! Joob! Joob! Joob! Joob!
Joob! Joob!
Joob! Joob!

Umpa, umpa, stick it up your jumper
Everybody's got one, everybody's got one
“Villain, take my Purse
If ever thou wilt thrive, bury my Body
And give the Letters which thou findst about me
To Edmund Earl of Gloucester: seek him out upon the English Party
Oh, untimely death, death–”
“I know thee well, a serviceable Villain; as duteous to the Vices of thy Mistress as badness would desire”
“What, is he dead?”
“Sit you down, Father; rest you”35Embed