Uncle Jam LyricsAll right
All you inductees fall out and form some kinda line or something
I want all you young ladies to stick your chests out
And get your hips to move!
'Cause Uncle Jam wants you to join his army!
Come on, y'all
I know it's early, but you gotta get down
Go on and rock, Sue, rock!
I'm a soldier, in the army, of Uncle Jam
Come on and work out in that foxhole
Ain't no need to get dirty, but you can get down
This is the army with the mission to rescue dance music from the blahs
We're not gonna do it by fighting--Get up! Get down!
Uncle Jam wants you to funk with him
La da dee da dee dee dee dee da
You said you'd be ready, if he called on you
Now he's a righteous kind of leader
Just demanding funk and groove from you
Get down
I see you out there in that field, riding on that 88, feeling ok haHEY!
So you want to dance? You've got to join Uncle Jam's army
Pick your feet up
Come on y'all
If you want to dance? You've got to join Uncle Jam's army
Alright you mugs- this is Uncle Jam's army, see?
And we're on groove maneuvers, see
I don't want nobody sweatin' til I tell ya
You gotta you gotta you got to
Marching in the foxhole
All right you mugs, so you want to dance?
This is Uncle Jam's army, and we're on groove maneuvers, see
You've got to join Uncle Jam's army
Just marching to the groove, honey
Got it going on the good foot
Gotta get on up
Happy feet, happy foot, happy time
Marching in this army
Marching in this army, see
Rescuing dance music from the blahs
Rescuing dance music from the blahs
Wake up!
Come on, y'all
Now here's where we start steppin'
Like we ought to do
You've got to join Uncle Jam's army
Wear those colors that make you look like you belong
Hey boy, cut your hair!
Come give it to me
March to the left, right, march to the left
On and rock now, funky, y'all, come on and rock now
March to your left, it's funky now? to the tune of Jam
Get it honey
I know you're groovin' when you're movin' now, come on
And get funky with your Uncle, baby
I'm your thrill sergeant!
Uncle Jam wants you to funk with him
La da dee da dee dee dee dee da
If he calls on you
Allright you mugs, so you want to dance, hey?
Uncle Jam wants you! Uncle Jam wants you!
I - I don't think ya heard me
Uncle Jam wants you Uncle Jam wants you to funk with him
Come on, I said he wants you
He wants you to jam with him
Hey boy, whatcha doing sweatin' over there
Didn't I tell ya, ya ain't supposed to be sweatin', boy?
You-You-You You gotta you gotta you got to
You got to make me feel good
Oh there's something coming over me
I think I'll join, join the army
Sacrificing everything but the beat
Sometimes we got to fall in the foxhole called life
And I look up, and I don't see nobody trying to help me out
Ohh, I feel good tonight
Now that was allright
But some of you all ain't doin' what you're supposed to do
I just see a few hands clapping out there
Uncle Jam's army, here- yeah
Disturbing the peace at the bridge of the river quiet
Marching in the name of the groove
No AWOP-absent without the P
Uncle Jam's army here-so you wanna dance?
This is booty do your duty time
We're soldiers on booty patrol
And I'm your thrill sergeant
And he's your thrill sergeant
Gonna keep you on your toes, cause Uncle Jam wants you
To do what you're supposed to do, and join his army!
All right you mugs, one more time!
I see you there marching in a foxhole
But there's one thing I want to say to you
Gotta reel it up and turn it round and round
So you wanna dance, eh?
Let me hear you say it loud and proud!
Feeling good? Let me knock on wood
Disturb the peace at the bridge of the river quiet
Loud and proud!
On to the left right, on to the one
On to the left right, on to the left
All right you mugs, so you wanna dance, eh
It's on the one!
All right you mugs, pick 'em up
It's on the one!
March to the leftEmbed