The Other Side Lyrics

Apollo Control, Houston, 2 minutes 50 seconds from time of L.O.S. now. Our distance away from the Moon 460 nautical miles, velocity 7417 feet per second. Here in Mission Control, we're standing by. There's uh certainly a great deal of anxiety at this moment
We acquire at 36 minutes. So at 68 hours 55 minutes, continuing to monitor, this is Apollo Control
So at this time we're gonna stand by and continue to monitor the loops here in Mission Control for our 'go'/'no-go' decision
1 minute 30 seconds away now from Loss Of Signal. Our distance away from the Moon now 401 nautical miles, velocity reading 7535, as we continue with this flight of Apollo 8

Apollo 8, Houston, 1 minute to L.O.S., all systems go

Our flight control team in Mission Control here has examined the data and it looks good. So we have a combined crew-ground decision - we are 'go', repeat 'go', for lunar orbit insertion 1

Apollo 8, 10 seconds to go, you're 'go' all the way

 Roger
 Thanks a lot, troops
 We'll see you on the other side

We've had, uh, Loss Of Signal with Apollo 8, at 68 hours 58 minutes 45 seconds, we will watch with continuing interest the A.O.S. clock here in Mission Control
They're travelling over the back side of the Moon now. Our velocity reading here 7777 feet per second
Now we are in our period of the longest wait. Continuing to monitor, this is Apollo Control, Houston
Apollo Control, Houston, we've acquired signal but no voice contact yet, we're standing by
We're looking at engine data and it looks good; tank pressure's looking good

Apollo 8, Apollo 8, this is Houston, Houston over?

Roger, Houston. We read you loud and clear. How do you read us?

Right, we've got it, we've got it - Apollo 8 now in lunar orbit; there's a cheer in this room. This is Apollo Control, Houston, switching now to the voice of Jim Lovell

...by 60.5. Good to hear your voice!

The unmanned Lunar Orbiter spacecraft traversed the moon perhaps over 10,000 times, but this is the first that a man aboard reported to his compatriots here on Earth2Embed