Ruler of Everything Lyrics
Juno was mad, he knew he'd been had
So he shot at the sun with a gun
Shot at the sun with a gun
Shot at his wily one only friend

In the gallows or the ghetto (ah-h)
In the town or the meadow
In the billows, even over the sun (ah-h)
Every end of the time is another begun

You understand mechanical hands are the ruler of everything (ah...)
The ruler of everything (ah...)
I'm the ruler of everything in the end
(!mih teG !yawa gninnur s’eh ,tibbarkcaJ a s’eH .oh oh oh oh oh hO)

Do you like how I dance? I've got zirconium pants
Consequential enough to slip you into a trance
Do you like how I walk? Do you like how I talk?
Do you like how my face disintegrates into chalk?
I have a wonderful wife, I have a powerful job
She criticizes me for being egocentric (Ha-ha-ha-ha!)
You practice your mannerisms into the wall
If this mirror were clearer I'd be standing so tall
I saw you slobber over clovers on the side of the hill
I was observing the birds (circle in for the kill)
I've been you, I know you, your façade is a scam
You know you're making me cry, this is the way that I am
I've been living a lie, a metamorphical scheme
Detective undercover, brotherhood, objective: obscene
Oh, no, no, oh, yeah
Do you hear the flibbity jibbity jibber jabber
With an, "Oh my god I've got to get out of here or I'll have another
Word to sell, another story to tell
Another timepiece ringing the bell"?
Do you hear the clock stop when you reach the end?
No, you know it must be never-ending, comprehend if you can
But when you try to pretend to understand
You resemble a fool, although you're only a man
So give it up and smile
Do you hear the flibbity jibbity jibber jabber
With an, "Oh my god I've got to get out of here or I'll have another
Word to sell, another story to tell
Another timepiece​ ringing the bell"?
Do you hear the clock stop when you reach the end?
No, you know it must be neverending, comprehend if you can
But when you try to pretend to understand
You resemble a fool although you're only a man
So give it up and smile (time, time, time, time...)

You understand mechanical hands are the ruler of everything (ah...)
The ruler of everything (ah...)
I'm the ruler of everything in the end

Without looking down, gliding around
Like a bumbling dragon I fly
Scraping my face on the sky
Oh, no, no, oh, yeah39Embed