Dead Butterflies Lyrics
(Mike WiLL Made-It)
When was I supposed to
Bow down with you? (Yeah)
What can I be prayin' for?
There's nothing in this world
(Can we, can we just do that last piano part a little bit?)
(Eardrummers)
(That's it, yeah, great, is there a lighter?)
Bow down with you
What can I be prayin' for?
There's nothing in this world

When was I supposed to (Get up, get up)
Bow down with you? (Bow down now, bow)
What can I be prayin' for? (Prayin' for, prayin' for)
There's no one in this world like you

We are dead butterflies (Butterflies, butterflies)
Laid out on a sprung floor
Waiting for the low tide
To pick us up and fly (Fly, fly)
We are dеad butterflies
I'm all in, let mе know what you're thinkin'
Catch feels, wind down while figure this out, right now
Deja que fluya pa' no perder el control
No queda de otra vamo' a tar en lo mismo
Estoy dispuesta a darte todo el cariño (Todo el cariño)

Two-steppin' while I move reckless
New settings, booze and nudes pending
Loose evidence and news trending, effortlessly truth bending
Who's treacherous? Searching for feelings of a new friendship
There's but a few endings, everyone's a winner 'til you lose bredrin
Hold-tight when we used to hold tight
Levitate to Most High and fuck up the whole skyline
Bright lights, I hope that feeling can replenish
Regretful, 'cause if I let you left me then I'll be rush rouletting
With a whole full clip in - pow, cashmere drippage now
And memories, lift me up, but still a man's tears dripping down
Onto these photographs of what we used to be
But over time, that puddle turns into a sea
When I observed you cry a stream
I was just surfing on your grief
The hurt I can't delete, just come to terms with who is me
But who are we? These mirrors don't reflect perfection
Just put on your crep selection, come on two-step to heaven with me
We are dead butterflies (Butterflies, butterflies)
Laid out on a sprung floor
Waiting for the low tide
To pick us up and fly (Fly, fly)

'Cause if it's not me then
Who's it gonna be, baby?
If it's not us (Not us, not us)
There's nothing in this world for me

We are dead butterflies
Dancing on a sprung floor now
Waiting for the low tide
To pick us up and fly (Fly, fly)

When was I supposed to (Get up, get up)
Bow down with you? (Bow down now, bow)
What can I be prayin' for? (Prayin' for, prayin' for)
There's no one in this world like you (Like you, like you)

We are dead butterflies (Butterflies, butterflies)2Embed