Jawbreaker Lyrics
How come you're staring like you don't know what it's for?
Get your shit together, get your jaw up off the floor
How come you're staring like you don't know what it's for?
Get your shit together, get your jaw up off the floor

We got these niggas looking at me
Like they've never seen a nigga put a real ass fucking 'fit together
They're so used to looking at these new goddamn Instagra...
Y'all niggas seen these Instagram pages?
Where they literally tell you the whole entire outfit and the price range from head to toe, nigga
So today, Ian Connor doesn't happen to have anything on top of his head
But he does happen to have the Supreme Playboy collab jacket on
And we're just gonna go ahead and skip to the bottom
'Cause can you guys notice that he does have the Rape 3000's on
And those are gonna cost you 'bout 450 dollars deadstock

Yo, the new dressing off the mannequin shit
You a cool guy in all black, on some Anakin shit
I be breaking necks and I ain't even plannin' these fits
When I walk in, I got everyone panicking shit, like
Like, why would you wear those to a function?
You know they gon' get stepped on
You know you gon' be punching niggas
(But I got two pairs)
Anything that can will, Murphy Lee's law, stunting
"You know that you're a black girl, right?
Your hair's 'sposed to be sewed in, not spiked up?"
I do what I want, not whatever gets the likes up
They don't like my outfit but they like the outcome
You never seen these shoes, well, that's the reason I bought them
They copy my swag, you can see that I taught them
Fresh to death, I belong in a coffin
But I'm way too liked to die, so often express myself
Put it in a song so I don't kill myself
Listen to it back and then I heal myself
I got money and the power and I'm still myself
Mama said, "Don't go broke tryna feel yourself"
Mama said, "Don't break tryna build yourself"
And don't feel ashamed if you need some help
'Cause we all do, 'cause we all lose

'Cause we all know someone who blown their whole rent on some Off-White
I ain't got none but I'm still trippin' off white
Lost my mama and I lost my mind and I still ain't got my head right
Yeah, out in London I was dropping pounds
While my pockets fat off synching sounds
Had me dressed like the cover from Seeing Sounds
Got all these clones frontin' tryna be me now, like
How come you're staring like you don't know what it's for?
Get your shit together, get your jaw up off the floor
How come you're staring like you don't know what it's for?
Get your shit together, get your jaw up off the floor
How come you're staring like you don't know what it's for? (How Sway?)
Get your shit together, get your jaw up off the floor (How Sway?)
How come you're staring like you don't know what it's for?
Get your shit together, get your jaw up off the floor (How Sway?)

Jaw up off the floor
Get your shit together, get your jaw up off the floor6Embed