Sorry?! LyricsIt seems like such a long time ago, but I don't know if I'm ever gonna let her go
Well, I remember the first time that I met her, I knew she was the one
There couldn't be anybody better
Well, I was lost when I looked in her eyes
I didn't even have a chance, I didn't, I was mesmerized
Well those eyes, those eyes, they made me realize...
Sorry, Sorry... Well, I did not want it to be
Sorry, Sorry... I could not see
Sorry, Sorry... Well Lord, how could this be?
Sorry, Sorry... Well, it's raining down on me
Well, I know it sounds crazy to say
But in everything I do, I think about that day
Last time I talked to her was on the telephone
She said "I know it's been a while, but I don't feel like being alone"
I slammed down the phone on the last thing I'd hear her say
Now it's getting harder to live with it every day
And I pray, I pray that you can hear me say
Sorry, Sorry... I could not see
Sorry, Sorry... But it don't seem fair to me
Sorry, Sorry... Lord, how could this be?
Sorry, Sorry... It's raining right down on me
I'M SORRY
Not a day goes by when I do not sit and wonder why this had to be
It don't seem fair to me
No, no, no, no. how could this be?
The more I wish and pray, the more it seems I waste away
But it would mean oh so much if I could just reach out and our hands would touch
And if I'd just go back again I know it'd all be different, have a happy end
I know exactly right where I'd start
I'd send her a letter straight from my heart
It doesn't seem fair, why can't I forgive?
She was oh so young, she didn't even have a chance to live
And it's oh so hard to forgive
Sometimes people think I don't know what to say because I'm looking out in space
But inside I'm praying
I pray, I pray, I pray, pray, pray
And then I think about the day she died
About that night and in the morning I'd cry cry cry
And I cried, I cried just as hard as I could
Sorry... Well, I did not want it to be
Sorry... Well, it don't seem fair to me
Sorry... Lord, how could this be?
Sorry... She died, but it's killing me
When will it come that time when it'll be my day?
And I wonder what I'll see and what you'll think and if I'll have the courage to stay
When I last was seen, thinkin' out of my head, it won't do it for me
I'll start by looking her straight in the eye
And tell her that I'm SorryEmbed