Brian Eno Lyrics
So tired, soul searching
I followed sounds to a cathedral
Imagine my surprise to find
That they were produced by Brian Eno

Past the gates, quite stark
The roses trimmed and the windows dark
I see the walls through a limestone crack
Not red not blue not yellow but black
And all the spaces left for you
If the sky was synthesized, you'd probably know

He taught me many things
The wisdom of oblique stratagems
The prophet of a sapphire soul
Presented through creative freedoms
And everything I say is true
Because if I was telling lies, it'd probably show

I can tell when he's kind of smiling
But what does he know? (What does he know?)
We're always one step behind him, he's Brian Eno (Brian Eno)
Brian Eno (Brian Eno)
When I was stuck he'd make me memorize elaborate curses
Tinctures and formulas to ditch the chousi and flip the verses
My whole foundation came unglued
When I tried to humanize by ambient light

Dipping swords in metaphors, yeah, but what does he know?
(What does he know?)
We're always one step behind him, he's Brian Eno (Brian Eno)
Brian Eno (Brian Eno)

He promised pretty worlds and all the silence I could dream of
Brian Peter George St. John Le Baptiste de la Salle Eno

Well, all alone by the oldest stone where the shade trees grow
(What does he know?)
The creature by the water feature with the ghostly glow
(Brian Eno)
Making sure that time's preserved well, we reap what we sow
(What does he know?)
We're always one step behind him, he's Brian Eno (Brian Eno)
Yeah, I can tell that he's doing well, yeah, but what does he know?
(What does he know?)
I'm always one step behind him, he's Brian Eno
(Brian Eno)
Yeah, he dips swords in metaphors yeah, but what does he know?
(What does he know?)
I'd like to see him plant a forest, because I don't know
Brian Eno
I can tell that he's trying to smile, but what does he know?
(What does he know?)
I'll always be a step behind him, Brian Eno
(Brian Eno) Yeah
He's making sure that time's preserved well, we reap what we sow
(What does he know?)
I'm always one step behind him, because I don't know
What Brian Enos
16Embed