The Audience Is Listening Lyrics(Teacher)
Now Stevie. Now don't be nervous, honey. Okay?
I'm gonna go in, and I'm gonna introduce you
And then you're gonna come in with your guitar
And you're gonna play that nice, nice music you
Were telling me about. And while you're doing
That, I'll be sitting in the back of the room
We'll have such a good time, so don't you be
Nervous, honey. It will relax everybody and
We'll be so happy. I'm gonna go now, I'll
Introduce you, okay?

Heads up! Now you kids, you, all of you. Calm
Down. That's good. Okay. Everyone in your own
Seats. That's good, okay, now, little Stevie
Vai is going to play a composition on the
Guitar. He wrote it all by himself
Okay, Stevie. Bring your 3 friends up, they can
Play with you. That Steve Vai, what a nice
Little boy...
(Young Steve Vai)
I wrote this song for all my friends. When I
Grow up I'm gonna be a famous rock 'n roll
Guitar player!
(Teacher)
I love it! *Laughs* Go ahead
(Young Steve Vai)
This is my whammy bar. And it's gonna be loud...
(Teacher)
Vai? Don't you think that's a bit loud? Boys
It's getting too loud!
You're getting out of control, boys! Stevie!
Now calm down, class. Calm down! Mr. Vai
You've got to turn it down!
What happened to that nice music?!
(Young Steve Vai)
What did you say? You want me to turn it down?
You mean down like this?
(Teacher)
That sounds like noise, Mr. Vai! And I want it
Stopped! You all got detention!
(Young Steve Vai)
Uh oh, here comes trouble!
(Teacher)
Ay, Vai, are you out of your mind? You guys
Don't back off you must be crazy! I'm gonna
Flip out. I'm telling you, if this is my final
Flip out, you guys are gonna go with me
(Young Steve Vai)
Ah, shut up...
(Teacher)
Will you two stop dancing like that? Frankie
Leave that girl alone! We're not gonna have
Another incident like Mildred
Do you hear me?
Vai, don't you hear me?
Come here you little snit!
Wait 'til I get my hands on-don't you run away!
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay! Vai, knock it off!
Get off my desk!
(Young Steve Vai)
Hey, Andrea, check this out!
(Teacher)
Oh, Stevie. You promised you'd play nice music!
People are out of control; dancing on the
Desks, playing with the girls! You know that
Awful noise just makes people go wild. You
Gotta turn that music down, Stevie, please?!
(Young and Adult Steve Vai)
I am fearless in my heart
They will always see that in my eyes
I am the passion, I am the warfare
I will never stop
Always constant, accurate, intense...
(Teacher)
Mark my words, you'll never amount to anything
Stevie Vai. You'll see, you'll be a bum in the
Streets. A bum. That's it, a bum. I thought you
Were such a nice little boy. You know what?
You're mean, you got a mean, nasty, vicious
Streak. Why don't you just quit school? Move to
California with all those other bums. Go
That's where you belong, with all those crazies
Out in California. Maybe you'll become famous
Haha, that's the funniest thing I've ever heard
You famous, with that noise?
Ha, I'll see you in jail, give me a break, Stevie, stop It
You'll see... mark my words!
(Adult Steve Vai)
Thank you, thank you very muchEmbed